<text id="wikipedia:Montabaur">
Montabaur. 
Montabaur (pronounced:/EmontabauP/) is a town and the district seat of the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. 
At the same time, it is also the administrative centre of the Verbandsgemeinde of Montabaur a a kind of collective municipality found only in Rhineland-Palatinate a to which 24 other communities belong. 
The town is known throughout the country for its strikingly yellow castle and its InterCityExpress railway station on the Cologne-Frankfurt high-speed rail line. 
Location. 
Montabaur lies in the Westerwald, roughly 20km northeast of Koblenz. 
About 13,000 people live in the city, while the district is home to about 40,000. 
Constituent communities. 
Montabaur has seven outlying centres. 
In the north lies Eschelbach, and in the west lie Horressen and Elgendorf. 
Stretching south along the Gelbach valley are the pilgrimage centre of Wirzenborn, and, farther along still, Reckenthal, Bladernheim and Ettersdorf. 
Neighbouring communities. 
Montabauras neighbours are, clockwise beginning in the north, Dernbach, Staudt, Heiligenroth, Großholbach, Girod, Steinefrenz, Heilberscheid, Isselbach, Stahlhofen, Untershausen, Holler, Niederelbert, Arzbach, Kadenbach, Neuhausel and Hillscheid. 
Townas character. 
Montabauras Old Town (Altstadt ) distinguishes itself with its neo-Gothic Roter Lowe (aRed Liona) town hall, many timber-frame houses from the 16th and 17th centuries and the great Late Gothic Catholic parish church. 
The mediaeval town wall is preserved in parts, among them the so-called Wolfsturm (aWolfas Towera). 
The Montabaur Stadthalle (literally atown halla, but actually an event venue) is intended for various functions such as sessions, conferences, concerts, theatre and events. 
The historic Wolfsturm is at the townsfolkas disposal and can be hired for their own ends. 
Castle. 
Schloss Montabaur was until 1945 the seat of the district administratoras office of the old Unterwesterwaldkreis, and then seat of the Montabaur regional government. 
Today it is owned by the Akademie Deutscher Genossenschaften (aAcademy of German Cooperativesa), which has expanded it for use as a 4-star conference hotel and schooling centre for the Raiffeisenbanken and credit unions. 
It stands well in sight on the Schlossberg (321m above sea level). 
History. 
The town has a history that can be traced back to the year 959, with the Montabaur fort castellum Humbacense . 
The Archbishop of Trier, Dietrich von Wied, who came back from a Crusade in the Holy Land about 1217, had the humbacense castle newly built and named it Mons Tabor for its similarity to Mount Tabor in Israel, said to be the place of the Transfiguration of Jesus. 
Out of this grew Montabaur. 
In 1291, King Rudolf von Habsburg (1218-1291) granted Montabaur, as well as Welschbillig, Mayen, Bernkastel and Saarburg, town rights, so that the village became a town with its own coat of arms and a town wall. 
Montabaur was until 1968 the administrative seat of one of the five Regierungsbezirke instituted when the Bundesland of Rhineland-Palatinate was formed in 1946. Until early 2004, Montabaur was furthermore a Bundeswehr station with the Westerwaldkaserne , where the Raketenartilleriebataillon 350 (RakArtBtl 350) and, later, maintenance units were stationed. 
Town council. 
The council is composed as follows: Town partnerships. 
Montabaur maintains partnership arrangements with the following towns: Furthermore, the Verbandsgemeinde of Montabaur has a partnership with an American town: 
</text>

<text id="wikipedia:American_Stores">
American Stores. 
American Stores Company was an American public corporation and a holding company which ran chains of supermarkets and drugstores in the United States from 1917 through 1999. The company was incorporated in 1917 when The Acme Tea Company merged with four small Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area grocery stores (Child's, George Dunlap, Bell Company and A House That Quality Built) to form American Stores. 
In the following eight decades, the company would expand to 1,575 food and drugstores in 38 states with $20 billion in annual sales in 1998. History. 
By 1925, American Stores had grown from 5 supermarkets in 1917 to nearly 1,800 stores. 
In 1946, a proposed acquisition of Grand Union supermarkets was turned down by Grand Union stockholders. 
1960s-1970s. 
In 1961 American Stores company acquired California's Alpha Beta chain of supermarkets. 
In the 1970s, in order to compete with lower priced grocery retailers such as ShopRite and Pathmark (competitors which did not offer trading stamps), Acme Markets launched its Super Saver discount grocery chain in Pennsylvania. 
American Stores itself was acquired in 1979 by Skaggs Companies, Inc., which adopted the American Stores Company name, and relocated the company headquarters to Salt Lake City, Utah. 
American Stores was by far the larger organization, with 758 supermarkets, 139 drugstores, 53 restaurants, and 9 general merchandise stores in nine states when compared to the 241 Skaggs stores. 
Although the resulting entity bore the American Stores Company name, it was controlled by Skaggs management headed by Leonard S. Skaggs Jr. more familiarly known as Sam Skaggs. 
Stores in several markets having both an Alpha Beta supermarket and a Skaggs Drug Center drugstore presence were combined (or expanded) to combination food and drug stores and re-branded Skaggs Alpha Beta . 
1980s. 
American Stores posted $83 million in earnings on sales of nearly $8 billion in 1983. But its presence was still weak in the Midwest, New England, and Florida. 
To help overcome these remaining geographical shortcomings, Sam Skaggs made another attempt to merge with the Jewel Companies, Inc. in 1984. Acquisition of the Jewel Companies, Inc.. 
Jewel Companies, Inc. chairman Weston Christopherson was opposed to a merger and Sam Skaggs was forced to engineer a hostile takeover. 
On June 1, 1984, American Stores tendered an offer worth $1.1 billion for 67 percent of Jewel's outstanding shares at $70 per share. 
For two weeks, Jewel Companies, Inc. management refused all comment on the offer, maintaining its silence even at a stormy shareholder's meeting before which Jewel shareholder groups controlling 20 percent of the company's stock had come out in favor of negotiating with American Stores. 
Finally, on June 14, Sam Skaggs and Jewel president Richard Cline reached an agreement after an all-night bargaining session. 
American Stores raised its bid for Jewel's preferred stock, increasing the total bid to $1.15 billion in cash and securities. 
In return, Jewel dropped plans for a defensive acquisition of Household International Inc . 
and accepted American Stores' offer. 
To help raise cash for the deal, American Stores sold its Rea and Derick, Inc. subsidiary comprising 134 drugstores in December 1984 to People's Drug, a division of Imasco Limited . 
33 Alpha Beta grocery stores in Arizona sold to ABCO Foods, 22 Alpha Beta grocery stores and support facilities in northern California were also sold. 
The acquisition of Jewel Companies, Inc. consisted of the (Melrose Park) Illinois based Jewel Food Stores supermarket chain, (Oak Brook) Illinois based Osco Drug, Inc., (Cambridge), Massachusetts based Star Market, (Anaheim) California based Sav-on Drugs, Buttrey and White Hen. 
This acquisition also returned L. L. Skaggs's Osco Drug chain to the Skaggs family ownership. 
And Sav-on Drugs, another Jewel Companies subsidiary, had been founded by C. J. Call, who had once been a business partner of another of Sam Skaggs's uncles, O. P. Skaggs. 
This merger added 193 supermarkets, 358 drugstores, 140 combination food and drug stores, 301 convenience stores, and 132 discount stores to American Stores' holdings. 
But in 1985, the company found itself in legal trouble through its new subsidiary. 
A salmonella food-poisoning outbreak affecting some 20,000 people in the Midwest was traced to Jewel's Melrose Park, Illinois Hillfarm Dairy that had supplied tainted milk to Jewel stores in March and April 1985. In 1987, Jewel was found not liable for Punitive damages in Illinois Cook County Circuit Court but agreed to pay compensatory damages estimated at $35 to $40 million. 
In 1985 American Stores sold the White Hen chain, since convenience stores did not fit into the companyas plans. 
Buttrey and Star Market were put up for sale in order to raise capital and pay down debt. 
Although the company continued to operate these subsidiaries, investment in remodeling and new construction for these stores and for Acme Markets was minimal throughout the 1980s. 
By 1987 American Stores Company was the largest drug retailer in the United States, but only the third-largest grocery retailer and underperforming its peers. 
In October 1987, the company exited the Idaho and Washington drugstore markets with the sale of 25 Osco Drug units to Pay Less Drug Stores. 
Acquisition of Lucky Stores, Inc.. 
In March 1988, American Stores made an unsolicited tender offer for Lucky Stores, an Alpha Beta competitor noted for high efficiency and low prices. 
American Storesa Alpha Beta chain in California was struggling, plagued by high prices and a reputation for poor service. 
At the time, Lucky was California's leading grocery retailer, due in part that it was the only chain with a significant presence in both northern California and southern California. 
Lucky refused American Stores' first offer. 
Within a month, American Stores proposed to up its bid if Lucky would agree to a friendly takeover. 
Again Lucky management rejected the offer as inadequate and was said to be contemplating defensive strategies. 
Later, American Stores upped its bid to $2.5 billion, or $65 per share. 
Lucky accepted and American Stores was on track to become the largest supermarket chain in the United States, over the Kroger and Safeway chains. 
In August 1988, California Attorney General John Van de Kamp asked the Federal Trade Commission to void the sale, claiming that a Lucky-Alpha Beta juggernaut would cost California consumers $400 million by reducing competition. 
The Federal Trade Commission refused but did force the divestiture of 37 Alpha Beta stores, which were sold in December 1988, the same month 38 Lucky stores in Arizona were also sold. 
Van de Kamp then took his case to court, and on September 1988, a federal judge in Los Angeles issued a preliminary injunction against the merger. 
American Stores appealed, and in April 1989, an appeals court judge in San Francisco, California overturned the injunction. 
Van de Kamp appealed this reversal to the U. S. Supreme Court; meanwhile, American Stores continued to plan its assimilation of Lucky. 
The U. S. Supreme Court in April 1990 ruled in favor of the California attorney general. 
Wishing to avoid additional lengthy litigation, the following month American Stores reached an agreement with Van de Kamp whereby the company was allowed to convert 14 Alpha Beta stores to the Lucky name but also had to sell 161 southern California stores (152 Alpha Beta stores and 9 Lucky stores) within 5 years. 
The deal put no restrictions on American Stores' future growth in California and did not require state approval of the buyer or terms of the sale. 
Headquarters move to Southern California. 
Based on a recommendation by Booz-Allen, American Stores relocated its corporate headquarters from Salt Lake City, Utah to Irvine, California in July 1988. At the time, the company indicated the reason for the move was to place the headquarters in one of the companyas major operating market areas and therefore closer to its business interests. 
However, the corporate headquarters was moved back to Salt Lake City, Utah in 1989 with little explanation. 
Sav-on Name Change. 
American Stores plans to build a coast-to-coast drugstore chain in the United States were underway. 
The strategy was to build a nationwide network of pharmacies, streamline operations and advertising in order to gain national recognition for the brand, especially for the high-margin private label products. 
The name Osco Drug was chosen as the national chain banner because of the large number of stores which already had that name and existed in various parts of the United States. 
The name change was completed for the Skaggs drugstores in 1985 and then for the Sav-on stores in 1986. The name 'Osco' did not resonate well with Sav-on's southern California customer base. 
American Stores eventually made the decision to change the name of the former Sav-on stores back to Sav-on Drugs. 
Rumors circulated at the time claiming that the reason for the name change back to aSav-ona was due to aOscoa having the same pronunciation as the Spanish word aascoa (oss-ko) which means disgust or loathing, a considerable factor within southern Californiaas heavily Hispanic market. 
This explanation for the name change was. 
The name change on all stores was completed in 1989 and the Sav-on Drugs brand was re-launched in southern California and Nevada. 
American Drug Stores, Inc.. 
In 1989, a new subsidiary American Drug Stores, Inc. was formed and consisted of American Stores drugstore holdings of Osco Drug, Sav-on Drugs, the Osco side of the Jewel Osco food-drug combination stores and RxAmerica . 
RxAmerica began earlier in 1989 as a mail service prescription fulfillment center with a facility in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
Jewel Osco Florida. 
In April 1989, the company opened a 75,000-square-foot Jewel Osco combination store in Largo, Florida. 
This marked American Storesa re-entry into the Southeast after an absence of nearly two decades. 
Mark S. Skaggs, son of Sam Skaggs was president of the new Jewel Osco of Florida division. 
This was a wholly separate division of the company and was not part of the Jewel Food Stores chain in the Midwest or the American Drug Stores subsidiary. 
Unlike the combination stores in the Midwest, where Jewel ran the food side of the combination stores and Osco ran the drug side, the Florida stores were run by a one overall manager, similar to the way a Skaggs Alpha Beta store was managed. 
Only six Jewel Osco stores were opened in Florida and all were sold to Albertsons in 1991. 1990s. 
In the early 1990s, reducing the $3.4 billion in debt load became the prime challenge for the company; doing so was mainly accomplished through asset sales. 
By the end of fiscal 1992 long term debt was down from $3.4 billion to $2.1 billion. 
Divestitures. 
In the early 1990s, American Stores divestitures included: Acquisitions. 
At the same time that the company was making major divestments in the early 1990s, American Stores also looked for opportunities to make strategic minor acquisitions, ones that would enhance its position in the main markets where it needed to strengthen market share. 
Transformation into an Operating Company. 
American Stores had long been run as a decentralized holding company, but in order to compete in the fierce retail environment of the 1990s the company announced plans in 1992 to transform itself into an integrated operating company. 
As part of this transition, the company also began to centralize companywide its procurement, warehousing, inventory control, distribution, marketing, payroll and human resources operations. 
Another aspect of the plan involved the consolidation of the central support organizations of the drugstore and grocery store operations. 
At the same time, American Stores sought to initiate faster growth, this time primarily through the opening of new stores and not through acquisitions. 
This ambitious plan to create better efficiencies won a lot of support from investors. 
The plan, called the Delta Project , was expected to turn American Stores into a more profitable national supermarket company with greater shareholder value by centralizing its buying operations, as well as putting together more food and drugstore combination stores. 
From 1992 up through 1998, American Stores consolidated operations and moved major responsibilities of their subsidiaries to their headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
The companyas employees based in Salt Lake City, Utah increased from fewer than 100 in 1992 to over 1,200 by 1998. During this period, American Stores itself did not operate any food or drugstores in Utah having sold-off the Osco Drug and Alpha Beta Utah stores in 1991. Super Saver Food. 
In early 1994, American Stores launched a discount warehouse food store concept in California. 
New store formats were built in Anaheim, Indio, National City, Oceanside and several existing Lucky stores were converted to this warehouse format in Sacramento, Pittsburg, Vacaville, and Woodland. 
Initially, these stores were named Price Advantage , based on a Lucky Advantage prototype store in Escondido, California. 
Price Club sued American Stores over name infringement shortly before the grand opening of the stores. 
The stores were swiftly renamed Food Advantage the night before grand openings, with the word Price marked out with a thick ink marker on every label, tag and sign in the store. 
In the coming months these stores were branded as Food/Price Advantage and finally as Super Saver Food. 
Super Saver Food was a familiar brand which had been used in the 1970s and early 1980s by Acme for their discount grocery store format in Pennsylvania and was a trademark still owned by American Stores. 
Kap's Kitchen and Pantry. 
In 1997, the company opened Kap's Kitchen and Pantry in Salt Lake City, Utah a prototype for entry into the high end food retail market with selections of natural and organic products, produce, seafood, grocery, meat and poultry, bakery and prepared foods. 
The venture was quickly abandoned and the store was closed within a year. 
Skaggs Family Exit. 
In 1994, at the companyas annual shareholder meeting, the company board elected Sam Skaggsa son Don L. Skaggs a director effective October 1, 1994 to fill the position rendered vacant by the resignation of Aline W. Skaggs, wife of Sam Skaggs. 
Don L. Skaggs was also the Executive Vice President and General Manager of a non-retail subsidiary of American Stores consisting of an audio media production company, a satellite teleport and an operation that sold equipment to law enforcement agencies. 
72 year-old Sam Skaggs relinquished the chairmanship of American Stores to Victor L. Lund in 1995. Skaggs still held an 18.3 percent stake in the company and a seat on the company board, and when he announced in July 1996 that he was exploring options for his stake, speculation about a possible takeover ran wild. 
The company was not certain if Skaggsa intention was to launch a proxy fight for control of American Stores or to alter its current management or direction. 
By February 1997 an agreement was reached between American Stores and Skaggs whereby the company would repurchase about 12.2 million of Skaggs's shares for $550 million, with the remaining shares subsequently be sold to the public through a secondary offering. 
This purchase reduced Skaggsa stake in the company to five percent, insufficient ownership for him and his family members to retain seats on the company's board. 
Acquisition by Albertsons. 
At the company's June 17, 1998 annual meeting of shareholders in Salt Lake City, Utah, American Stores highlighted its accomplishments over the past year and its plans for the sustained long-term growth. 
In his keynote address, chairman and chief executive officer Victor L. Lund said, During the past year, we have transformed many of our key plans for the future to reality. 
We are confident that our plan for growth is working and is squarely on track. 
We 've set our sights very high because we know our visions of tomorrow will be achieved . 
A day earlier, American Stores had held a ceremony marking the opening of the American Stores Center , its 24 story corporate office building in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah. 
The building had a company-owned Italian restaurant, Il San Savino and a convenience store, the American Store , on the ground level floor. 
Six weeks later, on August 3, 1998 it was announced that Albertsons would acquire American Stores for $11.7 billion. 
Soon after the announcement, the Federal Trade Commission charged that Albertsons' proposed acquisition of American Stores would substantially lessen supermarket competition in California, Nevada and New Mexico. 
The proposed acquisition, the FTC charged, could result in higher prices or reduced quality and selection for consumers. 
As a condition of the sale, Albertsons's and American Stores agreed to sell 144 supermarkets (104 Albertson's supermarkets, 40 American Stores' Lucky supermarkets) in 57 markets in order to resolve. 
The divestiture agreement, was the largest retail divestiture ever required by the Federal Trade Commission. 
Due to the mandated sale of stores, the acquisition took nearly a year to complete. 
In June 1999, the acquisition was complete, ASC was de-listed on the New York Stock Exchange and American Stores ceased to exist. 
During 1999, the drugstore operations division and general merchandise procurement functions were moved from Salt Lake City, Utah to Scottsdale, Arizona operating as Albertsons Drug Region . 
The functions which supported the food divisions were consolidated and moved from Salt Lake City, Utah to Albertsons headquarters in Boise, Idaho. 
For a short time after the acquisition of American Stores, Albertsons leased several floors of the American Stores Center building to the International Olympic Committee - Utah had been awarded the 2002 Winter Olympics. 
The building is now owned by Wells Fargo. 
For a very short time after the American Stores acquisition was completed, Albertsons was the largest food/drug chain in the United States operating nearly 2,500 stores in 40 states. 
Albertsons preserved the Acme, Jewel-Osco, Osco Drug and Sav-on Drugs namesakes. 
Shortly after the sale, Albertsons rebranded the Lucky stores under the Albertsons name because both chains had stores and overlap in northern and southern California. 
(The Lucky brand would be revived the in 2006 by SuperValu). 
2006 Albertsons Break-up. 
On June 2, 2006, the sale of Albertsons essentially split the company into three parts. 
Both SuperValu and Albertsons LLC use the Albertsons store banner name. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:List_of_Atari_2600_games">
List of Atari 2600 games. 
This is a list of games for the Atari 2600 video game console, organized alphabetically by name. 
See Lists of video games for related lists. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Pedro_Luis_Lazo">
Pedro Luis Lazo. 
Pedro Luis Lazo Iglesias (born April 15, 1973 in Pinar del Rio Province, Cuba) is a top pitcher in Cuban baseball. 
He is used predominantly as a reliever in international competition, although he is a starter in the Cuban National Series, where he plays for Pinar del Rio. 
His fastball has been clocked near 95 miles per hour (MPH) and his slider in the upper 80s. 
Lazo was close to Jose Contreras, a Cuban pitcher who defected to the United States in 2002 and now pitches for the Chicago White Sox of the American League. 
They both pitched for Pinar del Rio in the National Series and other selective series. 
Achievements. 
Lazo was part of the gold medal-winning Cuban teams at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics and 2004 Athens games, and won silver at the 2000 games in Sydney. 
During the World Cup of Baseball in 2005 in The Netherlands, Lazo had 2 wins, 0 losses with 2 saves, a 0.54 ERA, and just 7 hits against in 16a innings. 
He also pitched for Cuba in the World Baseball Classic in March 2006 and recorded an impressive 4a inning save against Dominican Republic in the semifinals matchup. 
He will be playing for Team Cuba in the 2009 World Baseball Classic. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Blood_on_the_Moon_%28novel%29">
Blood on the Moon (novel). 
'Blood on the Moon ' (1984) is a crime novel by James Ellroy. 
It is the first installment of the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy. 
It was followed by Because the Night (1984) and Suicide Hill (1985). 
Although the novels are written in multiple perspectives and narrated omnisciently, the main character in all three is Lloyd Hopkins. 
Plot summary. 
The story begins in 1965 during the Watts Riots in Los Angeles, California. 
23-year-old Lloyd Hopkins is still with the National Guard and is deployed to help handle the situation. 
It is during this riot that Hopkins kills his first man, a deranged armory sergeant who was hunting down and killing African Americans. 
Eighteen years later Hopkins is now a sergeant with the LAPD and has the highest number of arrests of any officer in the department's history. 
He is considered a genius by many of his associates for his uncanny ability to make intuitive leaps of logic when tracking down criminals. 
Soon his abilities are put to the test when he investigates the brutal murder of a woman who was disemboweled in her apartment. 
Hopkins quickly deduces that the person responsible for this murder has in fact been killing women since the late 1960s, but has never been caught because he always changes his modus operandi. 
A subplot of the novel involves Hopkins' relationship with his family. 
He adores his three daughters and deeply loves his wife, though he is terminally unfaithful to her. 
His wife loves Lloyd, but begins to realize that his habits are not healthy for their children, particularly his propensity for telling them about the cases that he has worked on. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Kedgwick%2C_New_Brunswick">
Kedgwick, New Brunswick. 
Kedgwick (2006 population: 1,146) is a Canadian village in Restigouche County, New Brunswick Located in the Appalachian Mountains in the western part of the county, Kedgwick is approximately 75 kilometres southwest of Campbellton and 15 kilometres east of the Restigouche River along Route 17. Forestry is the major industry in the area. 
Being surrounded by woods, fall is spectacular in Kedgwick. 
Every autumn the population celebrates it with the Festival d'Automne (Fall fest). 
</text>

<text id="wikipedia:Hogday_Afternoon">
Hogday Afternoon. 
Hogday Afternoon was a two-part episode of the Power Rangers TV show. 
It is the final episode of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers . 
Summary. 
Meanwhile, Aisha arrives in Africa searching for the final sub-segment of the Zeo Crystal. 
While in Africa, she meets a girl named Tanya Sloan and learns of a famine affecting the land. 
Back in America, Goldar and Rito Revolto have broken into the underground chambers of the Command Center, and are setting up an implosion device ... In Africa, an elder gives Aisha the final piece of the Zeo Crystal, but being an animal expert, she decides to stay in Africa, hoping that when she is returned to her regular age, she can help with the famine. 
In her place, she sends Tanya with the Yellow Zeo Crystal. 
As the episode closes, the Power Rangers regain their age, and Tanya decided to stay behind to be trained by Alpha 5 while the others bid a fond farewell to the Aquitian Rangers before they depart for Aquitar. 
But the happiness is over, when in the final minutes of the episode, the implosion device set by Rito Revolto and Goldar goes off. 
Although Alpha teleports the Rangers out just in time, the fates of Zordon, Alpha, and Power Rangers as we know it are left in the air, as Mighty Morphin Power Rangers comes to a close. 
Unlike most cliffhangers, this saga did not end with a To Be Continued or similar tag, and the TV advertising for the next series () would n't appear until the following month. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Efraasia">
Efraasia. 
'Efraasia ' (pronounced E-FRAHS-ee-A ) was a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur. 
It was a quadrupedal herbivore which lived during the Late Triassic around 210 million years ago, in what is now Germany. 
It is named after Eberhard Fraas, its discoverer. 
Efraasia was approximately 20 feet (6 m) in length. 
Classification and history. 
The fossils of Efraasia have been misidentified at least four times. 
Originally the fossils that would become known as Efraasia were mixed in with an unrelated rauisuchian. 
The mixed-up fossils were named Teratosaurus by Friedrich von Huene in 1908, and when the mistake was discovered by Eberhard Fraas, the rauisuchian portions inherited the Teratosaurus name. 
Fraas actually considered Efraasia to be synonymous with another dinosaur, Thecodontosaurus . 
In 1932 it was identified as Palaeosaurus . 
By 1984, it was thought the remaining fossils were actually portions of a juvenile Sellosaurus , but eighteen years later, were finally identified as a separate genus. 
The name Efraasia was given to these fossils. 
Some internet sites still confuse the two genera. 
Efraasia was once thought to be a relatively small dinosaur, but this was because the known fossils were from a juvenile animal. 
Efraasia attained a length of 6 meters in adulthood. 
Efraasia is a primitive sauropodomorph, somewhat more advanced than Thecodontosaurus , but less advanced than prosauropods like Plateosaurus and sauropods like Anchisaurus . 
Like many primitive sauropodomorphs, Efraasia might have been partially bipedal and partly quadrupedal. 
The type species is E. minor . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Dutch_Lonborg">
Dutch Lonborg. 
Arthur C. Dutch Lonborg (March 16, 1898 a January 31, 1985) was a well-known American collegiate basketball coach. 
The Gardner, Illinois native coached for 23 years at McPherson College, Washburn College and Northwestern University. 
Lonborg graduated in 1921 from University of Kansas, having played two years under coach Phog Allen. 
In 1921 Dutch won a AAU title as a player with the Kansas City AC, Kansas City, MO. 
In 1925 He coached Washburn College to a AAU title with it being the last time a college team won that championship. 
Later he coached at Northwestern getting 237 wins during his time there leading them to the Big Ten Championship in 1931 and a Helms Foundation championship. 
He had a overall 323-217 college coaching record at all three schools. 
After he retired from coaching he became chairman of the NCAA Tournament Committee from 1947-60 and in he U. S. Olympic team manager for the 1960 Olympics. 
He also served as Kansas Jayhawks athletic director from 1950-63. 
He made the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1973 as a coach. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Pizzelle">
Pizzelle. 
'Pizzelle (pronounced with ts sound, like pizza ) (singular pizzella ) are traditional Italian waffle cookies made from flour, eggs, sugar, butter or vegetable oil, and flavoring (often vanilla, anise, or lemon zest). 
Pizzelle can be hard and crisp or soft and chewy depending on the ingredients and method of preparation. 
Pizzelle were originally made in the Abruzzo region of south-central Italy. 
The name comes from the Italian word for round and flat (pizze ); this is also the meaning of the word pizza . 
Many other cultures have developed a pizzelle-type cookie as part of their culture. 
It is known to be one of the oldest cookies, and is believed to have developed from the ancient Roman crustulum . 
Pizzelle are known as 'ferratelle in the Lazio region of Italy. 
In Molise they may be called ferratelle, cancelle ', or pizzelle. 
The cookie dough or batter is put into a pizzelle iron, which resembles a waffle iron. 
The pizzelle iron is held by hand over a hot burner on the stovetop, although some models are electric and require no stove. 
Typically, the iron stamps a snowflake pattern onto both sides of the thin golden-brown cookie, which has a crisp texture once it is cooled. 
There are also several brands of ready-made pizzelle available in stores. 
Pizzelle are popular during Christmas and Easter. 
They are often found at Italian weddings, alongside other traditional pastries such as cannoli and traditional Italian cookies. 
It is also common for two pizzelle to be sandwiched with cannoli cream (ricotta blended with sugar) or hazelnut spread. 
Pizzelle, while still warm, can also be rolled using a wodden dowel to create cannoli shells. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:%26quot%3BSmilin%26quot%3B_Jack_Smith_%28music%29">
Smilin Jack Smith (music). 
Smilin Jack Smith (16 November 1913, Seattle, Washington - July 3, 2006), born Jack Ward Smith, was a crooner, radio host and actor. 
Having been in a singing trio - The Three Ambassadors - from age 15, Jack became a solo crooner in 1939, with a voice described as a strong baritone with a tenor lilt . 
Establishing a radio show in 1945, he went on to host such guests as Dinah Shore, Margaret Whiting, John Serry, Sr. and Ginny Simms. 
Following a guest appearance in the musical film Make Believe Ballroom (1949), Jack was offered the second lead in Warner Bros.' On Moonlight Bay (1951) opposite Doris Day. 
With the television's arrival, radio saw a decline in audiences, and Jack lost his show in 1952. He adapted however, and became the host of You Asked For It in 1958, staying with it in various roles until 1991. Jack Smith died in 2006 in Westlake Village, California of leukemia, aged 92. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:List_of_Pakistani_family_names">
Pakistani surnames are basically divided in three categories: Arab naming convention, tribal names and ancestral names. 
Tribal Names. 
The following are some of the tribal names in Pakistan. 
Ancestral Names. 
The following are some of ancestral names in Pakistan. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Andersonite">
Andersonite. 
Andersonite, 'Andersonit or 'Andersonita (Na2CaUO2(CO3)3-6H2O), or hydrated sodium calcium uranyl carbonate is a rare uranium carbonate mineral that was only described in the last half century. 
Named for Charles Alfred Anderson (1902-1990) of United States Geological Survey, who first described the mineral species, it is found in sandstone-hosted uranium deposits. 
It has a high vitreous to pearly luster and is very fluorescent. 
Andersonite specimens will usually glow a bright lemon yellow (or green with blue hints depending on the deposit) in ultraviolet light. 
The mineral is formed as a secondary mineral and as an efflorescent crust in uranium mines. 
It is commonly found as translucent small rhombohedral crystals that have angles close to 90 degrees although its crystal system is nominally trigonal Its Mohs hardness is 2.5, with an averageSpecific Gravity of 2.9. 
Andersonite is formed as an efflorescent crust in the dry air of uranium mines. 
Thus, andersonite specimens are a secondary mineral being the result of human intervention, and these specimens are not considered by some mineral collectors to be a true natural mineral. 
As this mineral is water-soluble, samples must be stored in dry conditions. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Livre_parisis">
Livre parisis. 
The livre parisis (Paris livre (pound)) was a standard for minting French coins and a unit of account. 
Like the livre tournois , which was divided into 20 sols tournois each of 12 deniers tournois , the livre parisis was also divided into 20 sols parisis each of 12 deniers parisis , but the livre parisis was worth 25 sols tournois (i. e., the livre tournois was worth 4/5 of the livre parisis). 
Each sol parisis was thus worth 15 deniers tournois , and each denier parisis worth 1 1/4 deniers tournois . 
Before the seizure of the Anjou region around Tours by Philip II of France in 1203, the livre parisis had been the official coin of the Capetian dynasty. 
The livre tournois quickly outstripped the livre parisis as a unit of account, and it ceased to exist as an actual coin under Louis IX. 
Despite this, a monetary unit of accounting based on the livre parisis continued to be used in the area around Paris and was not officially abolished until 1667 by Louis XIV of France. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Keydren_Clark">
Keydren Clark. 
Keydren Kee-Kee Clark (born October 8, 1984 in Alabama, USA) is an American professional basketball player. 
He is 1.81 m (5 ft 11 in) in height and he plays at the point guard position. 
He is currently playing with the pro club Aris Thessaloniki. 
College career. 
Clark was one of the most prolific scorers in NCAA Division I history, amassing 3,058 points and averaging 25.9 points per game for his career. 
Not heavily recruited on a Rice High School team in New York City that featured four Division I-bound seniors, Clark became one of the shortest players ever to lead the Division I in scoring at 5 ft 11 in (1.81 m), doing so twice and finishing in the top five his senior year. 
A guard at Saint Peter's College from 2002 to 2006, Clark scored 435 three-pointers in his college career, briefly holding the record as the number one three-point shooter in NCAA history during the end of his senior season. 
Clark finished the career leader at the end of the 2006 MAAC tournament, but was soon passed by J. J. Redick, who now holds the NCAA record for three point field goals made with 457. Clark finished his career as number six on the list of all-time NCAA scoring leaders. 
He joined Pete Maravich of LSU (3,667), Freeman Williams of Portland State (3,249), Lionel Simmons of La Salle (3,217), Alphonso Ford of Mississippi Valley State (3,165), Harry Kelly of Texas Southern (3,066), and Hersey Hawkins of Bradley (3,008) as the only seven players to ever score over 3,000 points in their college careers. 
In 2003, he averaged 24.9 points per game, leading all freshmen in Division I. In 2004 he averaged 26.7 points per game and in 2005 he averaged 25.8 points per game, Clark led the nation in points scored per game, becoming just the eighth player to repeat as NCAA Division I scoring champion. 
He also led Division I with 3.3 steals per game. 
He is the all-time leading scorer in Saint Peter's College, MAAC and New Jersey collegiate history. 
Clark led the MAAC in scoring for all four seasons. 
He is also the all-time leader in steals and three-point field goals for the Peacocks. 
Pro career. 
In July 2006, he joined the recently promoted Greek League club Egaleo BC. 
On July 19, 2007, he signed a contract with the Italian League club Scavolini Pesaro. 
In June 2008, he signed a contract with the Greek club Aris Thessaloniki. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Makeshift_Patriot_EP">
Makeshift Patriot EP. 
The Makeshift Patriot EP is an EP by Sage Francis. 
The title track was originally released as a free MP3 on the day it was written and recorded, October 11, 2001. The track is a comment on the American media and its response to the September 11, 2001 attacks. 
The lyrics are written from first hand experience, worked into the track are recordings from Francis' visit to Ground Zero five days after the attack. 
The song can also be found on the Known UnSoldier Sick Of Waging War ... CD. 
A Bob Dylan exchange with the press is played back at the end of this track. 
Bob Dylan - Seriously, if I want to find out anything, I 'm not going to read Time Magazine, I 'm not going to read Newsweek, I 'm not going to read any of these magazines. 
I mean, because they 've just got too much to lose by printing the truth, Member of press - What kinds of truths are they omitting? 
They 'd just go off the stands in a day if they printed really the truth Member of press - What is really the truth? 
Bob Dylan - Well, really the truth is just a plain picture. 

</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Taplow_Court">
Taplow Court is a large Victorian house in the village of Taplow in Buckinghamshire, England. 
In the grounds of the house, near the church, is a 7th century Anglo-Saxon burial mound. 
This was excavated in 1883 and a number of treasures were discovered, unrivalled until the discovery of Sutton Hoo in 1939. There has been a manor house on the site since before the Norman Conquest in 1066. The manor was owned by the monks at Merton Priory until the Dissolution of the Monasteries. 
It was then owned by the Hampson family in the 17th century, coming under attack during the English Civil War. 
In the 18th century, Taplow Court was home to the Earl and Countess of Orkney. 
From 1852, Taplow Court became the home of the Grenfell family, in particular William Grenfell, 1st Baron Desborough and his wife Ettie. 
They hosted an aristocratic and elite group known as the Souls at the house. 
Visitors included Henry Irving, Vita Sackville-West, Edward VII when Prince of Wales, H. G. Wells, Edith Wharton and Oscar Wilde. 
A sticke court was built by Lord Desborough at Taplow Court in 1892 and the dimension of this court subsequently became the standard size of the court. 
After World War II, Taplow Court was owned by British Telecommunications Research a subsidiary of Plessey Electronics. 
Since 1988, the house has been a Soka Gakkai Buddhist centre. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Us%2C_Val-d%27Oise">
Us, Val-d'Oise. 
Us is a little French commune in the Val-d'Oise departement . 
Geography. 
Us borders the Viosne, a rather full of fish river in the regional natural park of the French Vexin. 
The communes that surround Us are Ableiges, Marines, Vigny and Santeuil. 
Sights. 
There are a castle and churches. 
The main landscapes around Us are fields. 
The nearest shopping center is at Marines. 
Demographics. 
As of the census of 1999, the population was. 
The estimate for 2004 was. 
Transportation. 
Us is accessible by train from Gisors or Gare Saint-Lazare via Pontoise. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Osmel_Sousa">
Osmel Sousa. 
Osmel Ricardo Sousa Mancilla is a Venezuelan-Cuban impresario and the president of the Miss Venezuela Organization. 
Formerly an advertising draftsman, Osmel Sousa joined the Venezuelan Committee of Beauty in 1969. Sousa continued working with that committee when, in 1970, Ignacio Font Coll reconstituted it as the OPPA Advertising Agency, which in turn was the predecessor of the actual Miss Venezuela Organization. 
In the 1970's, Osmel Sousa undertook advising selected contestants, many of whom went on to win the Miss Venezuela crown, at the same time he started designing nightgowns for most of the contestants. 
In October 1981 Ignacio Font Coll died and Osmel Sousa became the president of the Miss Venezuela Organization. 
During his 25 year career he has been considered to be the driving force behind the large number of Miss Venezuelas who go on to become Miss World, Miss Universe, Miss International and Miss Earth. 
He has been called a Pygmalion, an artist who turns out talented and beautiful young women. 
In 2007, Sousa joined with Alicia Machado, a former Miss Universe, and Carlos Calderon, emcee of El Gordo y La Flaca , in judging Univision's Hispanic beauty contest Nuestra Belleza Latina . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:University_of_Southern_California_Law_School">
University of Southern California Law School. 
The University of Southern California Law School ('Gould School of Law), located in Los Angeles, California, is a graduate school within the University of Southern California. 
The oldest law school in the Southwestern United States, USC Law had its beginnings in 1896, and was officially established as a school of the university in 1904. It currently has about 600 J. D. students (200 per year), and also has a growing LL. 
M. program of about 90 students. 
The Law School 100, a ranking scheme that purports to use qualitative criteria instead of quantitative, ranks the law school fourteenth overall, tied with Duke, UCLA, and the University of Texas. 
The 2009 U. S. News & World Report list of America's Best Graduate Schools ranks USC Law School at number eighteen. 
USC Law publishes three academic journals: Southern California Law Review , Interdisciplinary Law Journal , and Southern California Review of Law and Social Justice (formerly the Review of Law and Women's Studies ). 
History. 
USC Law School had its beginnings in 1896 when Judge David C. Morrison opened his courtroom for 36 law apprentices, who later formed the Los Angeles Law Students Association, to discuss the concept of a formal law school. 
Their efforts resulted in the incorporation of the Los Angeles Law School in 1898. In 1900, the program became affiliated with the University of Southern California and the first law degree was awarded in 1901 to Gavin W. Craig. 
Over the next several decades, USC Law rose to become one of the most prominent national law schools, priding itself on an interdisciplinary form of study. 
In 2002, the USC Law Graduate and International Programs was launched with an inaugural class of 12 students. 
Now the Master of Laws and Master of Comparative Law programs include 99 international students from dozens of countries on five continents. 
In 2004, The Initiative and Referendum Institute - the nationas most prominent educational and research organization focused on direct democracy - moves to USC Law and joins the Center for the Study of Law and Politics. 
As of 2007, the law school continues to build upon its tradition of interdisciplinary training with the addition of the Center in Law and Philosophy, Center in Law, Economics and Organization, and the Center in Law, History and Culture. 
The school also strives to offer its students practical experience through its clinics, which include the Post-Conviction Justice Project, Children's Legal Issues Clinic, and the Intellectual Property and Technology Law Clinic. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Pub_quiz">
Pub quiz. 
A pub quiz is a quiz held in a public house. 
It is a largely British phenomenon, which reached its peak in the early 1990s. 
These spread to other Commonwealth of Nations countries such as Australia and New Zealand, and also to the United States. 
Pub quizzes are still extremely popular and may attract people to a pub who are not found there on other days. The pub quiz is a modern example of a pub game. 
Though different pub quizzes can cover a range of formats and topics, they have many features in common. 
The format. 
Pub quizzes (also known as live trivia, or table quizzes) are often weekly events and will have an advertised start time, most often in the evening. 
While specific formats vary, most pub quizzes depend on answers being written in response to questions which may themselves be written or announced by a quizmaster. 
Generally someone (either one of the bar staff or the person running the quiz) will come around with pens and quiz papers, which may contain questions or may just be blank sheets for writing the answers on. 
A mixture of both is common, in which case often only the blank sheet is to be handed in. 
Often the pub expects that paper should be split in two - one half to hand in and one half to be kept as a record of the answers. 
Teams. 
It is up to the quizzers to form teams, which are generally based on tables, though if one table has a large group around it they may decide to split up. 
Some pubs insist on a maximum team size (usually between six and ten). 
The team members decide on a team name, often a humorous phrase or pun, which must be written on all papers handed in. 
Entry Fee. 
People often have to pay to participate - ranging from around 50p to 5 per person. 
This is often used as prize money (see below). 
Many pub quizzes require no payment at all, as the pub quiz is simply a way to get you into the bar (typically on less busy nights like week nights) to spend money. 
Rounds. 
There may be between one and more than half a dozen rounds of questions, totalling anything from 10 to upwards of 80 questions. 
Rounds may include the following kinds (most common first): Joker Rounds and Bonus Questions. 
Jokers: In some quizzes teams are able to select one or two rounds in which their points will be doubled (or trebled etc). 
The reason why two is used is that a pack of cards has two jokers in it. 
Selection of the appropriate round(s) is usually made before the start of the quiz and made be available on all rounds or certain round(s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first). 
Teams who consider themselves to be particularly strong on certain subjects can thus improve their chances with a good joker round. 
Conversely, if their joker round is more difficult than expected their chances of doing well may nosedive. 
The idea of using a joker in a game may come from the programme It's a Knockout. 
'Bonuses: A single answer is required with one or more clues given each round making the answer progressively easier to solve. 
Either the first team to hand in the correct answer wins either a spot prize or additional points to their total score 'OR the questions continue until all teams have the correct answer with each team been given progressively fewer additional points the longer it takes them to submit the correct answer. 
Jackpots. 
A separate round of questions (usually 3) at the end of the quiz each week. 
If no team gets all answers correct more money is added for the following week. 
The maximum amount of the jackpot may be limited by local gaming regulations. 
Cash Jackpots may also be a variety of methods including one-off questions and dance-offs. 
Question setting. 
The questions may be set by the bar staff or landlord, taken from a quiz book, bought from a specialist trivia company, or be set by volunteers from amongst the contestants. 
In the latter case, the quiz setter may be remunerated with drinks or a small amount of money. 
Often questions may be drawn from the realm of 'everybody knows' trivia, therefore leading to controversies when the answers are false or unverifiable. 
In addition, as the quizzes are not formal affairs, slight errors in wording may lead to confusion and have led to a recent court case in the UK. 
Marking. 
In some cases, the papers are marked (graded) by the bar staff. 
Alternatively, teams may have to mark their own answers and the handed-in papers are consulted only to check that prize claimants have n't cheated by altering their answers. 
Another method is to have teams swap papers before marking, though this can be divisive. 
1 or 2 points are scored for each correct answer; some quizzes allow half marks for 'nearly right' answers (such as a celebrity's surname when their full name was required). 
In some quizzes, certain questions score higher marks, particularly if they are unusually difficult. 
Cheating. 
With the mass use of mobile (cell) phones and mobile internet access, cheating has become a problem for some pub quizzes, with covert calls and texts made in the toilets, recent newspapers and magazines brought along especially for the event, 'ringers' and so on. 
Though a maximum number of members set for teams may help to prevent huge numbers of people collaborating, groups posing as several distinct teams are quite common. 
Some quizzes now ban the use of mobiles and nullify the score of any team found to be cheating. 
Though more prevalent where large sums of money are at stake (see below), cheating can be observed even for relatively low stakes. 
One case exists where a landlord banned the use of mobile (cell) phones completely from the establishment during the quiz evening and in order to guarantee that no contestant used such a device, an FM radio tuner was connected to the public address system. 
Should any team member use a mobile phone during the duration of the quiz, loud pulsing sounds would be heard while other teams tried to locate the culprit. 
Some quizzes also now ban re-entry to the pub after the quiz has started, in order to prevent team members from going to use public internet stations, public telephones and mobile devices out of sight of the quizmaster. 
Generally, though, a pub runs its quiz alongside its normal operation, making such a measure impractical. 
Prizes. 
Prizes are awarded to the highest scoring team, and possibly runners-up as well. 
Prizes are usually one of the following: Another format for quizzing is called infinite bounce . 
This format is generally used when the number of teams in the quiz is large - usually around 8-10. 
Every question is addressed to the team succeeding the team that answered the previous question. 
If no team answers the question, the next question is addressed to the team succeeding the team to whom the previous question was addressed. 
Quiz leagues. 
A quiz league is an organisation that runs quizzes, normally in pubs, though such competitions are distinct from the standard pub quiz as they will normally involve two teams and often include a number of individual questions. 
No prizes are normally awarded at such a league match, but prizes and kudos may go to the quiz team winning a league or a knockout competition. 
The National Trivia Association runs a nation-wide contest involving various pub trivia games played around the US. 
Regional and national competitions. 
Teams from throughout a region, county, state or country meet annually for more prestigious competitions, with greater prizes. 
Representative teams may either be the best team(s) from each pub or a team selected from the best individuals may be chosen. 
New Zealand's largest pub quiz provider has held an annual Champion of Champions quiz in Auckland since 1999. Initially open to teams from pubs within the greater Auckland region it is now open to teams from throughout New Zealand. 
In practicality travel costs prevent most teams from the lower North Island and the South Island participating although Christchurch, Nelson and Wellington have all provided teams. 
Each June the National Trivia Association presents The Riddle a finals event open to eligible teams who play the official NTA Quizzo! 
live trivia game. 
The 2008 finals were held June 6th at Bally's Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City, NJ where the Baltimore Blowfish from Margate City New Jersey won first place. 
Roughly 1,000 players attended the event. 
World record. 
The Eden Project claims that a Guinness World Record was set in Cornwall on 6 December 2007 and claims a total of 220 pubs took part. 
However, this record is unsubstantiated as no evidence on the Guinness World Record site exists and Guinness itself denies existence of the record. 
The largest quiz, according to Guinness, occurred on December 3, 2007, with a total of 1,566 concurrent players.. 
Bingo quiz. 
A variation in which players are provided with a pre-printed answer sheet for each round containing lines tagged by a random number (for example 20 lines with numbers between 1 and 25). 
For each question the quizmaster picks a random number in that range, and the answer is written on that numbered line (if present). 
When a player has completed a sheet with a certain number of adjacent answers (typically 6) he can call out and submit the sheet for marking. 
If all the adjacent answers are correct he wins, if not any incorrect lines cannot be re-used, and the game continues. 
Ties can be resolved by sharing the prize, or by a tie-breaker question; typically an obscure date so that the player who guesses closest wins. 
Whilst a knowledgeable player will still have an advantage, particularly if the questions are 'difficult', the random element in a Bingo quiz means that even the less knowledgeable can win, and the quiz format is generally felt to be more stimulating than a conventional one. 
The printed sheets required for it are commercially available. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Olavarr%C3%ADa">
Olavarria. 
Olavarria is a city in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina. 
It is the capital of the Olavarria Partido and has over 83,000 inhabitants as per the. 
The settlement was officially founded on November 25 1867, named in honour of General Jose Valentin de Olavarria (1801 - 1845) who was an Argentine military leader. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Humanitarian_Law_Project">
Humanitarian Law Project. 
The Humanitarian Law Project (founded 1985) is a U. S. -based non-profit organization organization, working to protect human rights and promote the peaceful resolution of conflict by using established international human rights laws and humanitarian law. 
The organisation's mandate includes the long-term strengthening of human rights standards - particularly those ratified by nation-states - and to promote human rights dialogue between human rights activists, legal academics, members of the US Congress and their staffs, and other interested U. S. citizens. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Assembler_%28artist%29">
Assembler (artist). 
Assembler is a stage name of avant-garde electronic musician Nobukazu Takemura. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Body_plan">
Body plan. 
A body plan, or 'bauplan, is essentially the blueprint for the way the body of an organism is laid out. 
An organism's symmetry, its number of body segments and number of limbs are all aspects of its body plan. 
One of the key issues of developmental biology is the evolution of body plans as different as those of a starfish, a fern, or a mammal, from a common biological heritage, and in particular how radical changes in body plans have occurred over geological time. 
The body plan is a key feature of an organism's morphology, and since the discovery of DNA developmental biologists have been able to learn a lot about how genes control the development of structural features through a cascade of processes in which key genes produce morphogens, chemicals that diffuse through the body to produce a gradient that acts as a position indicator for cells, turning on other genes, some of which in turn produce other morphogens. 
A key discovery was the existence of groups of homeobox genes which are responsible for laying down the basic body plan in organisms. 
The homeobox genes are remarkably conserved between species as diverse as the fruitfly and man, the basic segmented pattern of the worm or fruitfly being the origin of the segmented spine in man. 
The field of evolutionary developmental biology, which studies the genetics of morphology in detail is now a rapidly expanding one, with many of the developmental genetic cascades, particularly in the fruitfly drosophila, now catalogued in considerable detail. 
Body plan is the basis for phylum, and there are 35 different basic animal body plans, corresponding to different phyla. 
Origin. 
The evolution of body plans became inevitable with the emergence of differentiated multicellular life in the Ediacaran Era, over 600 million years ago. 
The most basic and successful structure, for free-moving organisms, is the pipe or alimentary canal. 
This is common even to organisms as diverse as humans and earthworms. 
It is essentially a passage having a mouth at one end, and a cloaca or anus at the other. 
The simple process of nutrient capture, digestion, and waste disposal is fundamental to the body plan of advanced, free-moving animals. 
Vertebra, limbs, even brains are supplementary to the pipe. 
Natural selection has spun off an enormous range of variations on this basic theme, but the pipe model itself remains. 
The basic symmetry and organization of this body plan apparently gave an ancient organism an enormous advantage at survival and reproduction, and it has been preserved in most animals ever since. 
The Cambrian explosion refers to the massive increase in different body plans that took place around 530 million years ago. 
Fossils from this era show all sorts of weird and wonderful shapes, many quite unlike anything found today. 
At that time it was possible for organisms to survive and make a living even though they were unrefined and unlikely, because predation had yet to evolve, along with arms races that would optimise and streamline them to occupy a particular ecological niche. 
Bauplan. 
Bauplan (German for building plan, blueprint; plural: bauplane or bauplaene) is a closely related term in biology referring to the common new and original (homologous) properties of the members of a systematic group (taxon). 
It is not necessary that a bauplan precisely describes any one particular species of that group. 
The concept of bauplan is employed in the studies of morphology, taxonomy, comparative physiology and, most notably, phylogenetics and evolution. 
Before the advent of genetic sequencing, the analysis of the bauplan of fossils was an important method to devise hypothetical relationships and lineages of species, both living and extinct. 
The idea is, that species that are closely related share more common properties, hence a more detailed bauplan. 
Small differences of bauplan are indicative of species belonging to a parent, child or sibling taxon. 
Examples. 
The current range of body plans is far from exhausting the possible patterns for terrestrial life: the Ediacaran biota appears to contain numerous species and taxa with body plans quite different from any found in currently living organisms. 
The most commonly seen body plan amongst vertebrates is that of the 'tetrapod, which include all mammals, birds, amphibians and reptiles. 
Some animal groups, such as the cetaceans, bats and most birds have been modified (e. g. front limbs become wings or flippers) but nevertheless, they are still tetrapods. 
The invertebrates employ a much more diverse array of body plans, such as seen in insects (six legs, three body parts and an exoskeleton), cephalopods (no skeleton, hydrostatically stiffened tentacles, primary propulsion by squeezing water out of a mantle cavity), echinoderms (five-fold radial symmetry, external skeleton, movement by hydrostatically operated tube feet) and various phyla of worms (tube-shaped, movement by expanding and contracting parts of the body). 
The most varied collection of body forms known is found in the Burgess Shale, where fossils from a Cambrian sea show a tremendous variety of body forms that came to rise (only to later fall extinct) during the Cambrian explosion. 
Fictional. 
One common theme in science fiction is the appearance of extraterrestrial beings, descriptions of which have ranged from being simple variants on human anatomy to beings with body plans wildly different from any found on Earth. 
The field of exobiology attempts to bring these and similar speculations into the realm of serious scientific investigation. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Move_Along_%28song%29">
Move Along (song). 
Move Along is the title track and second single taken from The All-American Rejects' second studio album Move Along . 
The entire song is played at the beginning of The Hitcher , it is also played in the movies She's the Man , (along with Dirty Little Secret ), and Firehouse Dog. 
It is available as a downloadable song in the 2007 music video game series Rock Band , along with Dirty Little Secret , which was developed by Harmonix. 
Music video. 
The music video was directed by Marc Webb. 
It starts off with Tyson Ritter falling into a empty pool before the song starts. 
When the song begins he stands there singing while the background and his outfit changes over and over. 
Then it goes back to where he falls into the pool. 
People appear out of nowhere and carry him to a piano and the rest of the band. 
The quick-cut style of the video was inspired by Marlowe Gregorio, who posted his own version of the video on YouTube. 
Also, the drummer Chris Gaylor can be seen wearing a t-shirt for the crust punk band Filth. 
Chart performance. 
The song charted at #15 on the U. S. Billboard Hot 100 and went top 10 on the Pop 100 Airplay chart. 
It also went to #4 on the Hot Digital Tracks chart. 
Move Along was also featured in the new Bionicle commercial for the Toa Inika. 
The track stayed in the Billboard Hot 100 Top 50 for 39 weeks because of the amount of time it took to surface. 
It was released in January and peaked at #1 in TRL but did n't chart until late March because their first single Dirty Little Secret was still all over the charts. 
It was the #21 rated song of my year 2006. The band performed the song at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards. 
The video for Move Along won the award for Best Group Video at that ceremony. 
To date, the single has sold over 1 million downloads. 
Move Along is now The All-American Rejects' second single to sell more than a million downloads, the first single being Dirty Little Secret . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:S%C5%8Dbu_Line_%28Rapid%29">
SMbu Line (Rapid). 
is the express railway service on the SMbu Main Line between Tokyo and the east coast of Chiba Prefecture, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East). 
It runs through the cities of Funabashi and Chiba. 
As well as the rapid train there are limited expresses and the Narita Express among others. 
The line is through connected to the Yokosuka Line at Tokyo Station and many trains run through. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:European_Union_Prize_for_Contemporary_Architecture">
European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture. 
The European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture or 'Mies van der Rohe award is a prize given biennially by the European Commission and the Fundacio Mies van der Rohe, Barcelona, 'to acknowledge and reward quality architectural production in Europe'. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Looking_glass_self">
Looking glass self. 
Created by Charles Horton Cooley in 1902 (McIntyre 2006), the looking-glass self is a sociological concept that a person's self grows out of society's interpersonal interactions and the perceptions of others. 
Cooley clarified it in writing that society is an interweaving and interworking of mental selves. 
The term looking glass self was first used by Cooley in his work, Human Nature and the Social Order in 1902. It has three major components and is unique to humans (Shaffer 2005). 
According to Lisa McIntyreas The Practical Skeptic: Core Concepts in Sociology , in the looking-glass self a person views himself or herself through others' perceptions in society and in turn gains identity. 
Identity, or self, is the result of the concept in which we learn to see ourselves as others do (Yeung & Martin 2003). 
The looking-glass self begins at an early age and continues throughout the entirety of a personas life as one will never stop modifying their self unless all social interactions are ceased. 
Some sociologists believe that the concept wanes over time because only a few studies have been conducted with a large number of subjects in natural settings. 
Symbolic interaction and the looking-glass self. 
In hypothesizing the framework for the looking glass self, Cooley said, the mind is mental because the human mind is social. 
Beginning as children, humans begin to define themselves within the context of their socializations. 
The child learns that the symbol of his/her crying will elicit a response from his/her parents, not only when they are in need of necessities such as food, but also as a symbol to receive their attention. 
Schubert references in Cooley's On Self and Social Organization , a growing solidarity between mother and child parallels the child's increasing competence in using significant symbols. 
This simultaneous development is itself a necessary prerequisite for the child's ability to adopt the perspectives of other participants in social relationships and, thus, for the child's capacity to develop a social self. 
The words good or bad only hold relevance after one learns the connotation and societal meaning of the words. 
George Herbert Mead described self as taking the role of the other, the premise for which the self is actualized. 
Through interaction with others, we begin to develop an identity about who we are, as well as empathy for others. 
This is the notion of, 'Do unto others, as you would have them do unto you. 
' In respect to this Cooley said, The thing that moves us to pride or shame is not the mere mechanical reflection of ourselves, but an imputed sentiment, the imagined effect of this reflection upon another's mind. 
(Cooley 1964) Three main components of the looking-glass self. 
There are three main components of the looking-glass self (Yeung, et al. 
2003). 
Studies of the looking-glass self. 
The term looking-glass self was coined by Cooley after extensive sociological testing in 1902, although more recent studies have been published. 
In 1976 Arthur L Beaman, Edward Diener, and Soren Svanum (1979) performed an experiment on the Looking-Glass Selfas effect on children. 
Another study in the Journal of Family Psychology in 1998, measured the validity of the looking glass self and symbolic interaction in the context of familial relationships. 
Self reflection study. 
On Halloween night, 363 children trick-or-treated at 18 different homes in Seattle Washington. 
Each of these 18 homes was selected to take part in the experiment and was in turn arranged in similar ways. 
In a room near the entry way there was a low table and on it was a large bowl full of bite sized candy. 
A festive backdrop was also placed in sight of the candy bowl with a small hole for viewing; behind the backdrop was an observer who would record the results of the experiment. 
The experiment was conducted in the same way at each of the 18 different homes, with each home conducting two different conditions of the experiment, self-awareness manipulation and individuation manipulation. 
All of the homes conducted both conditions; half of the homes conducting self-awareness manipulation while the other half conducted individuation manipulation. 
In each of the conditions a woman would answer the door commenting on the childrenas costumes and inviting them in. 
She would then instruct the children to take only one piece of candy from the bowl and excuse herself to another room. 
Self-awareness manipulation. 
Self-awareness manipulation was the first of 2 conditions performed in Beaman, Diener, and Svanumas experiment. 
The self-awareness manipulation condition was performed with a mirror placed at a ninety degree angle directly behind the entry-way table fifty percent of the time. 
The mirror was placed in such a way that the children could always see their reflection in the mirror when taking candy from the bowl; the other half of the time there was no mirror in place and the children were left anonymous. 
Individuation manipulation. 
There was some concern that the children involved in the study would only see their Halloween costumes and not their own self reflections, so a second condition was performed in Beaman, Diener, and Svanumas experiment. 
This second condition was called individuation manipulation. 
The individuation manipulation condition was performed in the same way as the self-awareness manipulation. 
After greeting the children the woman at the door would ask each of the children their name and where he or she lived. 
These questions were asked in such a way that the children would think nothing of it because many other homes asked the children their names on Halloween night; however, no effort was made to identify the children involved. 
Just as in the first condition, a mirror was used half of the time and was removed for the other half of the experiment. 
Results. 
The children involved in the experiment were split into several different categories based on the results of the experiment. 
The criteria consisted of age, group size, and gender. 
Out of the 363 children involved in the study, 70 children transgressed when instructed not to. 
Children who arrived in groups were more likely to transgress than those children who arrived alone; 20.4 % to 10.3 % respectively. 
Children arriving with adults were not included in the study. 
Gender. 
The genders of those who participated in the study were recorded by the unobtrusive viewer from behind the festive backdrop. 
Out of the 363 children, only 326 childrenas genders could be determined because they were wearing Halloween costumes. 
Of those children whose genders could be determined there were 190 boys and 136 girls. 
While Cooley suggests that girls have a far higher impressionable social sensibility it was not the case in this study, as boys transgressed more often than girls. 
More boys transgressed with the mirror present, than without; 35.8 % to 15.6 %. 
This was the same for girls; 13.2 % to 8.4 %. 
Age. 
While the exact age of each child could not be determined due to the childrenas anonymity, approximate ages were given to each child by the unobtrusive observer. 
The average age of the children was eight years old. 
The results of the study were split up into different categories based on the approximate age given to each child. 
The age groups were as follows: ages 1-4, 5-8, 9-12 and 13 or older. 
The rate of transgression rose with the age of the child; the 1-4 year olds had a rate of transgression of only 6.5 % while the 5-8 year olds transgressed 9.7 % of the time. 
The two older age groups transgressed far more often than the younger groups; children aged 9-12 transgressed 23.6 % of the time while the children aged 13 and older had a rate of transgression of 41.9 %. 
Family study of the looking glass self. 
The research article was included in the Journal of Family Psychology in 1998. The researchers, Cook and Douglas, measured the validity of the looking glass self and symbolic interaction in the context of familial relationships. 
The study analyzed the accuracy of a college student's and an adolescent's perceptions of how they are perceived by their parents. 
The 51 participants of this study included four family members (mother, father, college student and adolescent) who returned surveys. 
The families were primarily white and middle class. 
The college student and adolescent were paid ten dollars each, if each family member completed the survey. 
Three areas were investigated: assertiveness, firmness, and cooperation. 
In reference to the three areas respondents were asked the following: how they behave toward the target, how the target behaves toward them, and how they think they are viewed by the target. 
The study identified the looking glass self as a metaperception because it involves perception of perceptions. 
One of the hypotheses tested in the study was: If metaperceptions cause self-perceptions they will necessarily be coordinated. 
The hypothesis was tested at the individual and relationship levels of analysis. 
Findings of the familial study. 
The study determined that the hypothesis is strongly supported at the individual level for cooperation for both college students and adolescents, but is only partially supported for assertiveness for college students. 
Also for college students, at the relationship level with their mothers the study supported assertiveness. 
There was an irregular finding regarding firmness in the mother-adolescent relationship that indicated that the firmer adolescents were perceived by their mothers, the less firm they rated themselves in the relationship. 
While there was not strong support of the hypothesis on the relationship level, on the individual level the findings suggest that how college students and adolescents think about themselves is directly correlated to how they think they are perceived by their parents. 
Looking glass self in contemporary society. 
Using computer technology, people can create an avatar, a customized symbol which represents the computer user. 
For example, in the virtual world Second life the computer-user can create an humanlike avatar that reflects the user in regard to race, age, physical makeup, status and the like. 
By selecting certain physical characteristics or symbols, the avatar reflects how the creator seeks to be perceived in the virtual world and how the symbols used in the creation of the avatar influence others' actions toward the computer-user. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Olavarr%C3%ADa_Partido">
Olavarria Partido. 
Olavarria Partido is a partido located in the central region of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina. 
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 104,000 inhabitants in an area of 7,715km, and its capital city is Olavarria, which is located around 350km from Buenos Aires. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Noxubee_National_Wildlife_Refuge">
Noxubee National Wildlife Refuge. 
Noxubee National Wildlife Refuge is a 48,000 acre (194 km) National Wildlife Refuge located in the U. S. state of Mississippi, in Noxubee, Oktibbeha, and Winston Counties. 
The refuge serves as a resting and feeding area for migratory birds and as example of proper land stewardship. 
Also, the refuge extensively manages land for the endangered red-cockaded woodpecker. 
Land for the Noxubee NWR was obtained in the 1930s through the Resettlement Administration. 
During the 1930s, the land was controlled by the. 
In 1940, the land was established as a National Wildlife Refuge in 1940 to ensure the wetlands would continue to be protected, providing migratory bird species and other animals a safe haven. 
Of the 48,000 acres (194 km) of land, approximately 44,500 acres (180 km) consists of bottomland and upland forest. 
A variety of species inhabit these lands including quail, deer, and turkey. 
Two major lakes, Bluff with and Loakfoma with provide much of the wetlands within Noxubee. 
Additionally, there are four green tree reservoirs and sixteen smaller reservoirs which provide a habitat for wood stork, American alligator, bald eagle and other waterfowl. 
The refuge partners with nearby Mississippi State University in an extensive research program with the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and the Department of Forestry. 
Goose Overlook. 
Goose Overlook is a thirty-foot high observation platform overlooking Bluff Lake. 
This area provides a wildlife viewing area for animals such as white-tailed deer and migrating Canada Geese. 
Morgan Hill Overlook. 
Another observation on Morgan Hill provides a view of the 600 acre (2.4 km) Loakfoma Lake. 
Bluff Lake Boardwalk. 
This 1000 foot (300 m) long boardwalk provides access to an overlook at cypress island on Bluff Lake. 
Trail networks. 
The refuge has a trail system providing access to wildlife observation points. 
See for more information on each trail. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Mahalia_Jackson">
Mahalia Jackson. 
Mahalia Jackson (October 26, 1911 a January 27, 1972) was an African-American gospel singer, widely regarded as the best in the history of the genre, and is the first Queen of Gospel Music . 
With her powerful, distinct voice, Mahalia Jackson became one of the most influential gospel singers in the world. 
She recorded about 35 albums (mostly for Columbia Records) during her career, and her 45 rpm records included a dozen golds - million-sellers. 
She had a contralto voice range. 
'Mahalia Jackson, born 'Mahala Jackson, nicknamed aHalie, grew up in the Black Pearl section of the Carrollton neighborhood of Uptown New Orleans, Louisiana. 
The three-room dwelling on Pitt Street housed thirteen people. 
This included Little Mahala (named after her aunt, whom the family called Aunt Duke), her brother Roosevelt, whom they called Peter, and her mother Charity. 
Several aunts and cousins lived in the house as well. 
Aunt Mahala was given the nickname Duke after proving herself the undisputed abossa of the family. 
The extended family (the Clarks) consisted of her mother's siblings - Isabell, Mahala, Boston, Porterfield, Hannah, Alice, Rhoda, Bessie, their children, grandchildren and patriarch Rev. Paul Clark, a former slave. 
Mahalia's father, John A. Jackson, Sr. was a stevedore (dockworker) and a barber who later became a pastor. 
He fathered four other children besides Mahalia - Wilmon (older) and then Yvonne, Pearl and Johnny, Jr. (by his marriage shortly after Halie's birth). 
Her father's sister, Jeanette Jackson-Burnett, and husband, Josie, were vaudeville entertainers. 
When Peter was born Halie suffered from genu varum, or bowed legs. 
The doctors wanted to perform surgery by breaking Halie's legs, but one of the resident aunts opposed it. 
So Halie's mother would rub her legs down with greasy dishwater. 
The condition never stopped young Halie from performing her dance steps for the white woman her mother and Aunt Bell cleaned house for. 
Mahalia was five when her mother, Charity, died, leaving her family to decide who would raise Halie and her brother. 
Aunt Duke assumed this responsibility, and the children were forced to work from sunup to sundown. 
Aunt Duke would always inspect the house using the white glove method. 
If the house was not cleaned properly, Halie was beaten with a cat-o-nine-tails. 
If one of the other relatives was unable to do their chores, or clean at their job, Halie or one of her cousins was expected to perform that particular task. 
School was hardly an option. 
Halie loved to sing and church is where she loved to sing the most. 
Halieas Aunt Bell told her that one-day she would sing in front of royalty. 
Halie would one day see that prediction of her aunts come true. 
Mahalia Jackson began her singing career at the local Mount Mariah Baptist Church. 
She was baptized in Mississippi by Mt. 
Moriah's pastor, the Rev. E. D. Lawrence, then went back to the church to receive the right hand of fellowship. 
1920s a 1940s. 
In 1927, at the age of sixteen, Jackson moved from the south to Chicago, Illinois, in the midst of the Great Migration. 
After her first Sunday church service, where she had given an impromptu performance of her favorite song, Hand Me Down My Favorite Trumpet, Gabriel , she was invited to join the Greater Salem Baptist Church Choir. 
She began touring the city's churches and surrounding areas with the Johnson Gospel Singers, one of the earliest professional gospel groups. 
In 1929 Jackson met the composer Thomas A. Dorsey, known as the Father of Gospel Music. 
He gave her musical advice, and in the mid-1930s they began a fourteen-year association of touring, with Jackson singing Dorsey's songs in church programs and at conventions. 
His Take My Hand, Precious Lord became her signature song. 
In 1936 Jackson married Isaac Lanes Grey Hockenhull (Ike ), a graduate of Fisk University and Tuskegee Institute, who was 10 years her senior. 
Mahalia refused to sing secular music, a pledge she would keep throughout her professional life. 
She was frequently offered money to do so and she divorced Isaac in 1941 because of his unrelenting pressure on her to sing secular music and his addiction to gambling on racehorses. 
In 1931, Jackson recorded You Better Run, Run, Run . 
Not much is known about this recording, and is impossible to find. 
Biographer Laurraine Goreau cites that it was also around this time she added 'i' to her name, changing it from Mahala to Mahalia. 
At age 26, Mahalia's second set of records were recorded on May 21, 1937 under the Decca Coral label, accompanied by Estelle Allen (piano), in order; God's Gonna Separate The Wheat From The Tares, My Lord, Keep Me Everyday, and God Shall Wipe All Tears Away. 
Financially, these were not successful, and Decca let her go. 
In 1947 she signed up with the Apollo label, and in 1948 recorded the William Herbert Brewster song Move On Up A Little Higher , a recording so popular that stores could not stock enough copies of it to meet demand, selling an astonishing eight million copies. 
(The song was later honored with the Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 1998). 
The success of this record rocketed Jackson to fame in the U. S. and soon after in Europe. 
During this time she toured as a concert artist, appearing more frequently in concert halls and less often in churches. 
As a consequences of this change in her venues, her arrangements expanded from piano and organ to orchestral accompaniments. 
Other recordings received wide praise, including: Let the Power of the Holy Ghost Fall on Me (1949), which won the French Academy's Grand Prix du Disque; and Silent Night, Holy Night , which became one of the best-selling singles in the history of Norway. 
When Jackson sang Silent Night on Denmark's national radio, more than twenty thousand requests for copies poured in. 
Other recordings on the Apollo label included He Knows My Heart (1946), Amazing Grace (1947), Tired (1947), I Can Put My Trust in Jesus (1949), Walk with Me (1949), Let the Power of the Holy Ghost Fall on Me (1949), Go Tell It on the Mountain (1950), The Lord's Prayer (1950), How I Got Over (1951) 
Death. 
Mahalia Jackson died in Chicago on January 27, 1972 of heart failure and diabetes complications. 
Two cities paid tribute, Chicago and New Orleans. 
Beginning in Chicago, outside the Greater Salem Baptist Church, 50,000 of the people who had known and loved Mahalia Jackson filed silently past her mahogany, glass-topped coffin in final tribute to the queen of gospel song. 
The next day, as many as could - 6,000 or more - filled every seat and stood along the walls of the city's public concert hall, the Arie Crown Theater of McCormick Place, for a two-hour funeral service. 
Mahalia's pastor, the Rev. Leon Jenkins, Mayor Richard J. Daley, Mrs. Coretta Scott King eulogized Mahalia during Chicago funeral as a friend - proud, black and beautiful. 
Sammy Davis, Jr. and Ella Fitzgerald paid their respects. 
Dr. Joseph H. Jackson, president of the National Baptist Convention, U. S. A., Inc., of which Mahalia was Official Soloist, delivered the eulogy at Chicago funeral. 
Aretha Franklin, closed the Chicago rites with a moving rendition of Precious Lord, Take My Hand . 
Three days later, a thousand miles away, the scene repeated itself: again the long lines, again the silent tribute, again the thousands filling the great hall of the Rivergate Convention Center in downtown New Orleans this time. 
Mayor Moon Landrieu and Louisiana Governor John J. McKeithen joined gospel singer Bessie Griffin; Dick Gregory praised 'Mahalia's moral force as main reason for her success , and Lou Rawls sang Just a Closer Walk With Thee . 
The funeral cortege of 24 limousines drove slowly past her childhood place of worship, Mt. 
Moriah Baptist Church, where her recordings played through loudspeakers. 
It made its way to Providence Memorial Park in Metairie, Louisiana where Jackson was entombed. 
Despite the inscription of Jackson's birth year on her headstone as 1912, she was actually born in 1911. Jackson's estate was reported at more than a million dollars . 
Some reporters estimated that record royalties, TV and movie residuals, and various investments made it worth more. 
The bulk of the estate was left to a number of relatives - many of whom cared for Mahalia during those lean years when she was just another young black girl in the South. 
Among principal heirs were relatives including her half-brother John Jackson and aunt Hannah Robinson. 
Neither ex-husband, Isaac Hockenhull (1936-1941) nor Sigmund Galloway (1964-1967), was noted in her will. 
Legacy and honors. 
Mahalia Jackson is widely regarded as the greatest gospel singer in history and one of the great voices of the twentieth century. 
Her music was never played widely on any but traditional gospel and traditional Christian radio stations. 
Her music was heard for decades on Family Radio. 
Her good friend Martin Luther King Jr said, A voice like hers comes along once in a millennium. 
In addition to sharing her rapping talent with the world, she mentored the extraordinarily gifted Aretha Franklin. 
Mahalia was also good friends with Dorothy Norwood and fellow Chicago-based gospel singer Albertina Walker (who is the present Queen of Gospel Music , heir to Mahalia's legacy. 
) She also discovered a young Della Reese. 
Jackson was present at the opening night of Chicago's Old Town School of Folk Music in December 1957. On the twentieth anniversary of her passing, Smithsonian Folkways Recording commemorated Jackson with the album, I Sing Because I 'm Happy, which includes interviews about her childhood conducted by Jules Scherwin. 
The National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences created the Gospel Music or Other Religious Recording category for Mahalia making her the first Gospel Music Artist to win the prestigious Grammy Award. 
Among Mahalia's surviving relatives is her great-nephew, Indiana Pacers forward Danny Granger. 
A prominent namesake in her native New Orleans is the Mahalia Jackson Theatre for the Performing Arts, which was remodeled and reopened on 2009 January 17 with a gala ceremony featuring Placido Domingo, Patricia Clarkson, and the New Orleans Opera directed by Robert Dyall. 
Grammy Hall of Fame. 
Mahalia Jackson was posthumously inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, a special Grammy award established in 1973 to honor artists whose recordings are at least twenty-five years old and have qualitative or historical significance. 
In popular culture. 
In the movie Jungle Fever, the character played by Ossie Davis tries to distract himself from his son Gator's (Samuel L. Jackson) crack cocaine addiction by listening to Mahalia Jackson albums by the hour. 
In the 1959 remake of the film Mahalia Jackson portrays the choir soloist, singing Trouble of the World at Annie's funeral. 
She has no speaking lines, but her singing performance highlights the climactic scene. 
In the The Boondocks episode Return of the King , a still-living Martin Luther King, Jr. laments over losing his iTunes password when he tried to download Mahalia Jackson's catalog. 
She is referenced in the Denis Leary song Elvis & I when Leary sings He says what the hell is Lisa Marie thinking with Michael Jackson crap, she should have married Jane or LaToya or Tito or even Mahalia Jackson . 
In the 1994 Wake Up Show Anthem for the Los Angeles radio station 92.3FM The Beat, the rapper Ras Kass mentioned Jackson in his freestyle verse: Come equip, your losing your paraphernalia/I 'm a hip hop Apostle singing the Gospel like Mahalia Jackson . 
She was an early influence on Irish soul singer Van Morrison, whose song Summertime in England (from 1980s Common One ) refers to her by name: The voice of Mahalia Jackson came through the ether. 
Wu-Tang Clan member Raekwon in Mobb Deep's song Eye for an Eye says, But still/write my will out to my seeds then build/Mahalia sing a tale but the real we still kill. 
In the Donna Summer song, Dinner with Gershwin , she wants to sing hymns with Mahalia. 
Duke Ellington, with whom she occasionally recorded, paid tribute to her on his New Orleans Suite album with the song Portrait of Mahalia Jackson. 
In 2000 a musical about Mahalia Jackson was directed by Michael Wedekind. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Reichsmarineamt">
Reichsmarineamt. 
The Reichsmarineamt or 'RMA was the name of the government department overseeing the German Imperial Navy prior to and during World War I. Formed in 1889, it achieved considerable influence in the early years of the 20th Century under Admiral Tirpitz. 
The technical department of the RMA became a nucleus of highly qualified specialists responsible for the design and production of military vessels. 
During this period the RMA produced a number of innovative prototype gun and ship designs. 
Isolation from other naval powers led to innovation but also to failure to incorporate important elements such as centralised fire control, which hampered the German fleet at the Battle of Jutland. 
After the First World War the fleet was severely reduced under the Treaty of Versailles and the RMA was dissolved in 1919 when the Kaiserliche Marine became the Reichsmarine. 
The newly formed admiralty assumed its functions without being a part of the government as the RMA had been. 
The RMA should not be confused with the Marineamt of the present German Navy which serves a rather different role. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:VMFA-314">
VMFA-314. 
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 314 (VMFA-314) is a United States Marine Corps A-18 Hornet squadron. 
The squadron, known as the Black Knights , is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW) but deploys with Carrier Air Wing Nine. 
Their tail code is VW . 
World War II. 
Marine Fighting Squadron 314 (VMF-314) was commissioned on October 1, 1943 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. 
The squadron was originally given the nickname of, Bob's Cats . 
The squadron was assigned to Marine Aircraft Group 32 (MAG 32) flying the F4U Corsair and began training immediately for combat in the South Pacific. 
In February 1944, the squadron, along with VMF-324, was among the first units aboard Marine Corps Auxiliary Air Field Kinston. 
They left MCAAF Kinston for the Pacific theater and arrived at Marine Corps Air Station Ewa on June 18, 1944 and were reassigned to Marine Aircraft Group 23, 3rd MAW. 
From there they deployed to Midway Atoll. 
VMF-314 returned to MCAS Ewa in December of 1944 and remained there until April of 1945 when they moved to Ie Shima in May 1945 to take part in the Battle of Okinawa as part of Marine Aircraft Group 22 (MAG-22). 
During the ensuing campaign, VMF-314 pilots were credited with 11 kills and the squadron was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation. 
After the surrender of Japan, VMF-314 moved to Kykshk, Japan as part of the occupation force. 
VMF-314 returned to Marine Corps Air Station El Toro in November 1945 and in March 1946 they arrived back at MCAS Cherry Point. 
For a short time they were re-assigned to Marine Aircraft Group 22 (MAG-22), 9th Marine Aircraft Wing but were decommissioned on April 30, 1947. Post war years. 
VMF-314 was re-commissioned in 1952 at Marine Corps Air Station Miami, Florida and was assigned to Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31), 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing flying the latest version of the Corsair. 
That same year, the squadron transitioned to the new F9F Panther. 
The next three years saw VMF-314 deployed twice, first to Roosevelt Roads, Puerto Rico, and then to Naval Air Facility Atsugi, Japan for an eighteen month tour. 
VMF-314 earned the Korean Service Medal for operations conducted between Sept 11, 1953 and July 27, 1954. In 1955, VMF-314 returned from Japan and was assigned to Marine Aircraft Group 15, 3rd MAW, now stationed at Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, California. 
In 1957, the squadron received the new F4D Skyray and was designated VMF(AW)-314. 
During that same year, the squadron officially became the Black Knights , was awarded the Commandantas Aviation Efficiency Trophy. 
They were briefly deployed to NAF Atsugi, Japan and then throughout the Far East both on land, including Ping-tung, Taiwan in support of the Chinese Nationalist Party against the communists, as well as on board the fast attack carriers USS Hancock (CV-19) and USS Ticonderoga (CV-14). 
In 1961, the squadron became the first Marine squadron to transition to the new F-4B Phantom II and was designated VMFA-314. 
Between 1961 and 1964, the squadron deployed eight times. 
These included three separate carrier deployments and a single-flight aerial refueling mission spanning the Pacific Ocean from MCAS El Toro to Naval Air Station Atsugi, Japan. 
Vietnam War. 
In 1965, VMFA-314 headed off on board the USS Valley Forge (CV-45) for combat operations in the Republic of Vietnam. 
From 1965 to 1970, the squadron flew more than 25,000 combat hours out of Chu Lai and Da Nang airfields, and employed more than 100 million pounds of ordnance in support of the Marine rifleman and other Allied ground units. 
In 1968, they received the Chief of Naval Operations Aviation Safety Award. 
In 1969, VMFAa314 was awarded the Hanson Trophy as the best Fighter Attack Squadron in the Marine Corps. 
The Commandantas Efficiency Trophy was awarded to the squadron in 1969 and again in 1970. In September 1970, VMFA-314 ended forty-nine months of deployed combat operations and received the Meritorious Unit Commendation for its outstanding performance. 
Post-Vietnam years. 
In May 1982, the squadronas last F-4 was transferred in preparation for transition to the new A-18 Hornet. 
In 1982, VMFA-314 received the first of its F/A-18s, becoming the first tactical squadron in the Marine Corps and Navy to employ the Hornet. 
In 1985, VMFA-314 transferred to Carrier Air Wing 13 (CVW-13), and embarked on board the USS Coral Sea (CV-43) for duty with the Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean Sea. 
They participated in Freedom of Navigation operations in the vicinity of Libya and took part in combat operations in support of Operation El Dorado Canyon in the Gulf of Sidra and in Libya. 
The Gulf War and the 1990s. 
In the Summer of 1990, while preparing to return to the Western Pacific, the squadron were rapidly deployed to the Persian Gulf and were the first Marine F/A-18 squadron to arrive in Bahrain for Operation Desert Shield as part of Marine Air Group 70. For nearly six months the Black Knights maintained 24 hour a day Combat Air Patrols over the Persian Gulf. 
On January 16, 1991, Operation Desert Shield shifted to Operation Desert Storm. 
The squadron flew over 1,500 hours and 814 combat sorties, more sorties than any other Navy or Marine Corps squadron. 
Missions flown during the war included Escort, SEAD, Mig Sweep, and Strike. 
They returned from the Middle East in March 1991 without the loss of a single squadron member or aircraft. 
In August 1992, VMFA-314 transferred to Carrier Air Wing 11 and in 1993 deployed to the Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf on board the USS Abraham Lincoln. 
During the deployment the squadron participated in Operation Southern Watch, enforcing the UN ano-fly-zonea in southern Iraq, and in Operation Continue Hope, providing close air support to the 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit (13th MEU) and 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit (22nd MEU) off the coast of Somalia. 
The squadron returned from cruise in December 1993 and was reassigned to Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11). 
In June 1994, VMFA-314 was one of the first MAG-11 squadrons to move from MCAS El Toro to Marine Corps Air Station Miramar. 
In February 1996, the squadron received new lot 18 F/A-18C aircraft. 
In 1997, VMFA-314 transferred to Carrier Air Wing 9 and deployed on an aAround the Worlda cruise on board the USS Nimitz. 
During the deployment, the squadron again participated in Operation Southern Watch. 
In January 2000 the squadron deployed aboard the USS John C. Stennis, with Carrier Air Wing Nine, for a six month deployment to the Western Pacific and Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch. 
While in the Gulf, the Black Knights flew contingency operations under combat conditions in support of UN Resolutions, delivering accurate air-to-ground ordnance under hostile fire. 
Global War on Terror. 
VMFA-314 was called upon to deploy Marines and aircraft on board the USS John C. Stennis (CVN-74) in support of Operation Noble Eagle. 
The attacks on September 11, 2001 caused the planned deployment on board the Stennis to be accelerated by two months. 
Following a shortened at-sea period for FleetEx, VMFA-314 deployed on November 12, 2001 in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The squadron began flying combat sorties on December 18, 2001 and delivered over 69,000 pounds of ordnance in support of U. S. forces on the ground in Afghanistan. 
Midway into a six-month deployment, VMFA-314 was extended in theater an extra five weeks resulting in a monumental 265 deployed days over a yearas period including a 98-day straight at-sea period. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Albert_Dock_Seamen%27s_Hospital">
Albert Dock Seamen's Hospital. 
The Albert Dock Seamen's Hospital was a hospital provided by the Seamen's Hospital Society for the care of ex-members of the Merchant navy, the fishing fleets and their dependants. 
It was opened in 1890 as a branch of the Dreadnought Seamen's Hospital, Greenwich. 
The London School of Tropical Medicine was established here in October 1899, by Sir Patrick Manson with assistance from the British Secretary of State for the Colonies (Joseph Chamberlain). 
Together with the Hospital for Tropical Diseases they moved to Euston in February 1920. The Hospital was rebuilt in 1937-1938 and became part of Newham Health District under the City and East London Area Health Authority (Teaching) in 1974 and was converted from acute to orthopaedic use. 
It came under the direct control of Newham Health Authority in 1981 and subsequently became a homeward bound mental handicap unit before being demolished in 1993. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Fourteenth_Council_of_Toledo">
The Fourteenth Council of Toledo first met on 14 November 684 under King Erwig. 
It was called in response to a letter from Pope Leo II directing the king, a Count Simplicius, and the recently-deceased Quiricus, metropolitan of Toledo, to call a general council to confirm the decisions of the ecumenical Third Council of Constantinople against monothelitism. 
A regional synod held in Carthaginiensis with representatives of the metropolitans in attendance was not sufficient and Erwig subsequently called a general council, exactly a year and a day after the disbanding of the Thirteenth Council of Toledo (13 November 683). 
The council, due to bad weather and the recent travels to and from Toledo for the Thirteenth Council, was attended only by the bishops of Carthaginiensis, the metropolitans, and a bishop from each of the other provinces: Narbonensis, Tarraconensis, and Gallaecia. 
These provincial delegates would approve the decision of the Carthaginiensian synod and report it to their own provincial synods, for further approval. 
The fourteenth council quickly approved the sixth ecumenical council and sent notice to the pope. 
It also issued a general warning to the people that such doctrinal matters were to be believed, not discussed. 
The bishops wrapped up their short business and closed the council on 20 November. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Aerospace_Experimental_Psychologist">
Aerospace Experimental Psychologist. 
Naval Aerospace Experimental Psychologists (AEPs) promote and ensure the safe and effective performance of Navy aviation personnel. 
They provide the Navy with professional and technical guidance and assistance in the planning and conducting of research, development of new systems, and testing evaluation. 
Their contributions can be defined by four types of activities. 
Human Factors Engineering: Through management, research, development, testing, and evaluation, AEPs provide the activities required to improve naval air weapon systems' effectiveness through better interaction of personnel and other system components. 
Personnel and Training: Through management, research, development and evaluation, AEPs provide skilled, properly trained people for the operational aviation environment. 
They define, design, acquire and evaluate integrated training systems including selection, curriculum development, training devices and simulators, training management and personnel selection. 
Operational Support: AEPs provide acquisition management, education, consultation, study and analysis to contribute direct support to the operating forces and also serve as a vital link to the research community. 
Human Performance: AEPs provide acquisition management, conduct research and develop initiatives to determine the capabilities and limitations of Navy and Marine Corps personnel to operate and maintain the complex airborne weapon systems. 
Their findings form an essential basis for the development of performance-based design criteria and guidelines. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Caribbean_Congress_of_Labour">
Caribbean Congress of Labour. 
The Caribbean Congress of Labour (CCL) is a regional trade union federation. 
It represents 500,000 members in 33 affiliated unions across 17 Caribbean nations. 
The federation represents trade union concerns to the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), as well as the Association of Caribbean States (ACS), and the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS). 
The CCL works with both the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) and the Inter American Regional Organisation (ORIT). 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:DOS.MASTER">
DOS. 
MASTER. 
DOS. 
MASTER (also: DOS Master) is a program for Apple II computers which allows Apple DOS 3.3 programs to be placed on a hard drive or 3 floppy disk and run from ProDOS. 
It was written by Glen Bredon (1932 - 2000) as a commercial program during the late 1980s where it experienced widespread success; it was released into the public domain by his family after the author's death. 
DOS. 
MASTER was created as a result of Apple Computer's abandonment of the DOS 3.3 operating system and its subsequent replacement by ProDOS. 
Apple provided a program to copy files from DOS 3.3 volumes to new ProDOS volumes; however, programs written for DOS 3.3 did not run on ProDOS volumes. 
DOS. 
MASTER enabled a widely installed base of previously ProDOS incompatible programs written for DOS 3.3 to be run under ProDOS. 
DOS. 
MASTER took a large ProDOS partition, formatted it as a file, and then created a series of DOS 3.3 volumes within that file. 
The program allowed the user to create one of four DOS 3.3 volume sizes: 140 KB (the standard capacity of an Apple II 5 floppy disk), 160 KB, 200 KB, or 400 KB (the maximum that DOS 3.3 could address). 
Up to 255 of these volumes could be created on the larger ProDOS partition, space allowing, essentially simulating a very large stack of virtual floppy disk drives. 
Modern use. 
DOS. 
MASTER is a valuable asset among fans of Apple II retro computing, especially considering the very limited availability of 5 floppy disks and floppy disk drives which are required to run DOS 3.3. 
DOS 3.3 does not support more modern data storage devices like 3 floppy drives or hard drives. 
DOS. 
MASTER can be used with modern computer hardware such as SCSI hard drives and Compact Flash peripheral cards to create multiple DOS 3.3 partitions. 
Support for DOS. 
MASTER has even been implemented in modern Apple II archive utilities like Faddensoft's CiderPress. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Kanhaiyalal_Sethia">
Kanhaiyalal Sethia. 
Kanhaiyalal Sethia () (September 11, 1919 a November 11, 2008) was one of the most well known Rajasthani & Hindi poets. 
He was born in Sujangarh, Churu District in the Indian state of Rajasthan. 
He was a passionate supporter of making Rajasthani, the mother tongue of the people of Rajasthan, one of the official languages of India at the union level. 
He was a government-recognized freedom fighter, social worker, reformer, philanthropist and enviornmentalist He died in Kolkata, West Bengal. 
His family. 
His father's name was Chhagan Mal Sethia and mother was Smt. 
Manohari Devi. 
He has two sons Jay Prakash and Vinay Prakash and also a daughter named Smt Sampat Devi Dugar. 
The poetry. 
The poetry of Kanhaiyalal shows his patriotic fervor for Rajasthan. 
His poems reflect the silent changes taking place in rural life of Rajasthan. 
His poetry is the meting pot of elements like Nature, Universal Humanism, Philosophy, Humility & Devotion, which find unparalled life like expression through his magical, miraculous and superflous command over the language where every word seems to have been appropriately generated to suit the meaning of what the poet wants to convey to his readers. 
Some of his poems are full of religious and spiritual overtones. 
His poetry has insight and a feeling of intense human sensitivity. 
His poetry emphasizes the the sublime, selfless & righteous aspects of life which have the power to soothe the frayed nerves of society which is trapped in the whirlpool of confusion & uncertainty. 
Work. 
His first collection Ramaniyai ra soratha, was written in the traditional style of didactic poetry rich in images and similes. 
His other books of Rajasthani poems are Minjhara , Kum kum , Lilatamsa , Dhara kuncham dhara majalam , Mayada Ro Helo , Sabada , Satavani , Aghori kala , Leek Lakodia , Hemani , Kakko Kod Ro , Deeth . 
His book of poetic prose is Gala-gachiya . 
He has written 18 Books in Hindi namely Vanphool(1941), Agniveena(1942), Mera Yug(1948), Deepkiran (1954), Pratibimb-3rd edition(1996), Aaj Himalaya Bola (1962), Khuli Krirkiyan Chaure Raaste(1967) Pranam (1970), Marm (1973), Anam (1974), Nirgranth (1976), Swagat(1986), Deh Videh (1986), Akask Ganga (1990), Vaaman - Viraat(1991), Nishpatti (1993), SHREYAS (1997), Trayee (1998)14 Books in Rajasthani and 2 books in Urdu Taj 
His two Rajasthani poems are world famous and have attained cult status. 
Dharti Dhoran Ri is recognized as the Anthem Song Of Rajasthan through out the world. 
Internationally acclaimed film maker Gautam Ghosh has made a documantary based on this poem Titled Land Of The Sand Dunes which was awarded the"Swarna Kamal"(Golden Lotus) by the Govt Of India. 
His other poems which are extremely well known are Pathal'R'Pithal , Kun Jameen Ro Dhani which are in the hearts of more than 100 Million Rajasthanis living throughout the world. 
The United States Library Of Congress has chosen him as one of the literary geniuses of the 20th century. 
His books have been archived by the Library, and his recordings are available on the Internet. 
His works have been translated in the following languages: Awards. 
Kanhaiyalal Sethia was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work Lilatamsa . 
He also received Jnanapitha Moortidevi Award in 1986 and Surajmal Misrana Sekhar Award in 1987. He was conferred Padma Shri award in 2004. He was awarded the prestigious Sahithya Vascahpati by the Hindi Sahitya Sammelan, Prayag, the prestigiuos Sahitya Manishi by the Sahitya Academy, Udaipur. 
He was also a nationalist and a social activist. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Transfusion_related_acute_lung_injury">
Transfusion related acute lung injury. 
In medicine, transfusion related acute lung injury (TRALI) is a serious blood transfusion complication characterized by the acute onset of non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema following transfusion of blood products. 
TRALI is the leading causes (around 50 % of cases) of transfusion-related fatalities in the United States. 
Definition. 
TRALI is defined as an acute lung injury that is temporally related to a blood transfusion; specifically, it must occur within the first six hours following a transfusion. 
Etiology and Risk Factors. 
The etiology of TRALI is currently not fully understood. 
TRALI is thought to be immune mediated. 
Antibodies directed toward Human Leukocyte Antigens (HLA) or Human Neutrophil Antigens (HNA) have been implicated. 
Women who are multiparous (have had more than one child) develop these antibodies through exposure to fetal blood; transfusion of blood components obtained from these donors is thought to carry a higher risk of inducing immune-mediated TRALI. 
Previous transfusion or transplantation can also lead to donor sensitization. 
To be at risk of TRALI via this mechanism, the blood recipient must express the specific HLA or neutrophil receptors to which the implicated donor has formed antibodies. 
A two-hit hypothesis has been suggested wherein pre-existing pulmonary pathology (ie, the first-hit) leads to localization of neutrophils to the pulmonary microvasculature. 
The second hit occurs when the aforementioned antibodies are transfused and attach to and activate neutrophils, leading to release of cytokines and vasoactive substances that induce non-cardiac pulmonary edema. 
A non-immune mechanism has been studied and proposed by Silliman, involving the accumulation of bioactive lipids in stored blood components (red cells, platelets, plasma) that possess neutrophil priming capabilities. 
TRALI is typically associated with plasma products such as FFP, but can also occur in recipients of packed red blood cells due to the residual plasma present in the unit. 
The AABB (formerly the American Association of Blood Banks) recommended on 11/03/2006 in association bulletin 06-07 that blood banks use high plasma volume components from female donors for further manufacturing instead of transfusion due to the higher risk of TRALI. 
Mortality & morbidity. 
The immune mediated form of TRALI occurs approximately once every 5000 transfusions and has a mortality of 6-9 %. 
Treatment. 
Treatment for TRALI is primarily supportive measures. 
Many patients with TRALI need mechanical ventilation. 
TRALI is associated with microvascular damage and not fluid overload, so diuretics are not recommended. 
There are tests that can be performed on apheresis platelet donors after donation but before transfusion to determine if the donor contains HLA antibodies thought to be involved with development of this disease. 
GTI Diagnostics, a company based in Waukesha, Wisconsin has an ELISA test that is capable of detecting HLA antibodies in plasma or serum. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Road_Tested_%282003%E2%80%932005%29">
Road Tested (2003a2005). 
Road Tested 2003-2005 is a live album by Sage Francis. 
It is a compilation of tracks recorded from the Live Band Dead Poet Tour (with Gruvis Malt, 2003), the Fuck Clear Channel Tour (with The Gimme Fund, 2004) and the 2005 tour with Sol. 
iLLaquists Of Sound. 
Some of the tracks recorded with Gruvis Malt in 2003 appeared on Francis' previous live album Dead Poet, Live Album, however the versions appearing on this album have been cleaned up, featuring basslines performed by Mikal kHill or Arit Harvanko. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:%27night%2C_Mother">
'night, Mother. 
night, Mother ' is a 1983 play by Marsha Norman about a daughter, Jessie, and her mother, Thelma (referred to as Mama in the play). 
The play opens with Jessie calmly telling Mama that by morning she 'll be dead, as she plans to commit suicide that very evening (she makes this revelation all while nonchalantly organizing household items and preparing to do her mother's nails). 
The subsequent dialogue between Jessie and Mama slowly reveals her reasons for her decision and her life with Mama and how thoroughly she has planned her own death, culminating in a disturbing yet unavoidable climax. 
Winner of the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, the original production at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts, starred Kathy Bates as Jessie and Anne Pitoniak as Mama. 
This production eventually made its way to Broadway, where it played at the John Golden Theatre with the same cast. 
It received 4 Tony Award nominations: Best Play, Best Actress in a Play (both Bates and Pitoniak) and Best Director (Tom Moore). 
The 1986 film version of the same name starred Sissy Spacek and Anne Bancroft as daughter and mother, respectively. 
Marsha Norman adapted her own play and wrote the screenplay. 
Tom Moore, who directed the play on Broadway, also directed the film. 
The film added more characters, whereas the play featured only two performers. 
The film received lukewarm reviews, though Bancroft received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress (Drama) in a Film. 
A Broadway revival opened at the Royale Theatre on November 14, 2004 and closed on January 9, 2005 after 65 performances and 26 previews; it starred Edie Falco and Brenda Blethyn. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Ranked_list_of_New_Zealand_main_urban_areas">
Ranked list of New Zealand main urban areas. 
Ranked by median income. 
Figures are for all people over 15 years of age and are in New Zealand dollars. 
The source is the from the 2001 New Zealand Census. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Peanut_sauce">
Peanut sauce. 
Peanut sauce, 'satay sauce, or 'kacang sambal is a sauce widely used in Indonesian cuisine, Malaysian cuisine, Thai cuisine, and Chinese cuisine. 
It is also used, to a lesser extent, in European and Middle Eastern cuisine. 
Ingredients. 
The main ingredient is a roasted peanut-based paste such as peanut butter, which together with soy sauce gives it a nutty and salty taste. 
Several different recipes for making peanut sauces exist, resulting in a variety of flavours. 
A typical recipe usually contains peanut butter (smooth or crunchy), coconut milk, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and spices (such as coriander seed, cumin, etc). 
Other ingredients may also contain chillies, milk, fried onions, sesame seed, olive oil or peanut. 
Regional. 
In Indonesian cuisine, the sauce originally was meant as a sauce for satay, but it is also used in many other Indonesian dishes like Sate Babi, Sate Ayam, Gado-gado, otak-otak, ketoprak, and Karedok. 
In Chinese cooking, the sauce is often used on grilled meat. 
Other uses include hot pot and Dan dan noodles. 
In the Netherlands, peanut sauce has become a common Dutch side dish and is usually eaten with meat (barbecue) or French Fries. 
Peanut sauce is also eaten with a baguette, bread, cucumber or potatoes. 
In Singapore, peanut sauce is not only used as dipping sauce for satay. 
It is also eaten with rice vermicelli known as Satay bee hoon. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:MSD_Super_Disk">
MSD Super Disk. 
The MSD Super Disk was a series of floppy disk drives produced by Micro Systems Development for use with Commodore 8-bit home computers. 
Two different versions of the MSD Super Disk were available: the single-drive 'SD-1 and the dual-drive 'SD-2. 
Introduction. 
The MSD Super Disk drives were the first third-party devices designed for compatibility with the Commodore 64, although other manufacturers soon followed suit. 
The MSD drives included both an IEEE-488 parallel interface and the custom Commodore serial interface. 
Therefore, they could be connected to any Commodore 8-bit system, from the Commodore PET to the C64 and C128, without any converters or add-on devices. 
Features and pricing. 
The MSD drives were more expensive than their Commodore counterparts. 
For instance, a typical mail-order advertisement in the January 1985 issue of RUN Magazine (p. 91) lists the MSD SD-1 single drive at $249.95, compared to $199.95 for the Commodore 1541. (The dual SD-2 was listed at $449.95. 
) However, they did offer several advantages to justify the higher price. 
In an August 1985 review of 1541 replacements, RUN Magazine wrote that the MSD SD-2 was built like a tank and can run 24 hours a day for weeks (p. 28). 
While program loading and saving was no faster than on a 1541 drive (since the same firmware and serial interface was used), a disk could be formatted in only 18 seconds on the MSD Super Disk series, compared to 1 minute and 22 seconds on the 1541 (p. 26). 
Also, the MSD SD-2 incorporated the Commodore DOS Duplicate command from the old Commodore PET dual drive series, which allowed it to copy an entire disk in under 2 minutes. 
The DOS Copy command could also be used to copy files from one drive to another on the MSD SD-2, a feature not available with two 1541 single drives. 
However, the MSD Super Disk drives had difficulty loading most copy-protected software, due to substantial differences in the DOS code and memory mapping. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Thomas_Ferebee">
Thomas Ferebee. 
Thomas Ferebee (November 9, 1918 a March 16, 2000) was the bombardier aboard the B-29 Superfortress, Enola Gay, that dropped the atomic bomb, Little Boy , on Hiroshima in 1945. Biography. 
Thomas Wilson Ferebee was born on a farm outside Mocksville, North Carolina, as the third of eleven children. 
In 1935, at age 17, he attended Lees-McRae College in Banner Elk, NC. 
Talented in athletics since childhood, he earned awards in track, basketball, and football. 
After training for a small position with the Boston Red Sox and not making the team, he joined the Army. 
A knee injury kept him from service in the infantry but he was accepted into flight training. 
After two years of flight school, Ferebee was assigned as a bombardier in the European theater, completing more than 60 bombing missions. 
In the summer of 1944, he was recruited by Colonel Paul Tibbets to be part of the 509th Composite Group which was formed to deliver the atomic bomb. 
After the war, he remained in the Air Force until the 1970s. 
After he retired from the Air Force, he worked as a real estate agent in and around Orlando, Florida. 
Like Tibbets, Ferebee never expressed regret for his role in the bombing, saying, it was a job that had to be done. 
He remained in the military in the years after World War II, eventually serving in Vietnam and retiring with the rank of colonel. 
He died at his home in Windermere, Florida at the age of 81. He was survived by his wife, Mary Ann Ferebee, who donated his collection of military documents and objects to the North Carolina Museum of History in Raleigh. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Yurendell_de_Caster">
Yurendell de Caster. 
Yurendell Eithel de Caster (born September 26, 1979 in Curacao, Netherlands Antilles) is a Major League Baseball infielder/outfielder in the Detroit Tigers organization. 
Originally signed by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays as a free agent in, De Caster was selected by the Pittsburgh Pirates from Tampa Bay in the Minor League phase of the Rule 5 draft. 
De Caster was one of just three players to hit three home runs in the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens, Greece, while playing for the Netherlands team. 
De Caster spent entire 2005 season with Triple-A Indianapolis Indians, where he made 28 appearances at third base, 25 at first base, 13 at second base and 58 in the outfield. 
He posted a.280 batting average with 11 home runs and 61 RBI, and also led his club in games played (122) and doubles (31). 
He also had a productive 2005-06 season playing for the Caribes de Anzoategui of the Venezuelan Winter League, after hitting.325 (68-for-209) with 17 home runs and 47 RBI in just 60 games. 
His 17 home runs tied him with Tom Evans for the league-leading. 
In 2006, De Caster again began the season with Indianapolis, with whom he spent most of the season. 
In 119 games with the Indians, he batted.273 with 11 home runs and 51 RBI. 
He was called up to the Pirates twice, from May 21-24 and June 5-13, and appeared in 3 games. 
He struck out in both of his at-bats in the majors. 
He was released on December 9, 2006, but came back to Pittsburgh in 2007 and spent the whole season in the minor leagues with them. 
On November 27, 2007, De Caster signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals that included an invitation to spring training. 
He was assigned to the Double-A Harrisburg Senators of the Eastern League to begin the 2008 season. 
He became a free agent at the end of the season. 
In February, De Caster signed a minor league contract with the Detroit Tigers. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:G._D._Madgulkar">
G. D. Madgulkar. 
Gajnan Digambar Mdgulkar () (October 1, 1919 a December 14, 1977) was a prominent Marthi poet, lyricist, writer and actor from India. 
He was popularly known in his home state of Maharashtra by just his initials as 'Ga Di Ma (aaaaa). 
His younger brother Venkatesh Madgulkar also attained fame as a writer. 
Madgulkar wrote poetry, short stories, novels, autobiographies and scripts, dialogs and lyrics for Marathi as well as Hindi movies. 
His poems are well-known for being adapted to a wide range of musical forms such as Sugam-Sangeet (light music), Bhwa-Geet (emotional songs), Bhakti-Geet (devotional songs), and Lwani (a genre of folk songs in Maharashtra). 
Madgulkar entered the world of movies in 1938 at Kolhpur. 
His pen contributed to 157 Marathi and 23 Hindi movies. 
He wrote a much-acclaimed work in Marathi titled Geet Rmyan (lit. 
Ramayana in Songs ). 
It consisted of 56 poems, and its theme was the story in the Sanskrit epic, Rmyan. 
Sudhir Phadke had composed the music for Geet Ramayan and then given its many renditions to the public. 
Popular Songs. 
The following is a short list of some of the popular Marathi songs which aaaaa wrote: External links. 
Mane Deshmukh Parivar Velapur-Ughadewadi Tal. 
Malshiras dist. 
Solapur Pin-413113 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Belgrade_Circle">
The Belgrade Circle is an NGO established in Belgrade, Serbia, in February 1992. Initially, the organisation hosted lectures and discussions with mainly Serbian intellectuals, united by their opposition to the nationalist policies of Slobodan Miloaevi. 
The Belgrade Circle formed links with NGOs in other parts of the former Yugoslavia, and began to gain an international reputation, hosting lectures by internationally acclaimed intellectuals including Jacques Derrida and Richard Rorty. 
The organisation now focuses on strengthening civil society, and works in co-operation with universities and academics from across the world. 
It also publishes the Belgrade Circle Journal , which is a member of the Eurozine network. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Egghead_Rides_Again">
Egghead Rides Again. 
'Egghead Rides Again ' is a 1937 Merrie Melodies Warner Bros. film directed by Tex Avery. 
Plot. 
Energenic Egghead is bouncing around pretending to be a cowboy until his obnoxious cadence gets him kicked out of the apartment complex he's living in. 
While on the street he finds an ad for a wanted cowboy in Wyoming. 
He applies and goes through various training sessions, but fails them all. 
Egghead, believing uselessness decides to leave, but the expert cowboys give him a different job: cleaning up after the cows and horses. 
Trivia. 
This is the first appearance of Egghead, who many think later evolved into Elmer Fudd. 
His voice and personality would vary from cartoon to cartoon. 
In this film, he's very Daffy Duck-like, and even speaks with a voice resembling Daffy Duck's. 
His original personality was inspired by radio comedian Joe Penner. 
Mel Blanc provided the voice of Egghead, and Billy Bletcher voiced some of the cowboys. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Wiri_Train_Station">
Wiri Train Station. 
Wiri Railway Station is located on the Eastern and Southern Lines of the Auckland Railway Network in New Zealand. 
Services were withdrawn from this station on 14 February 2005. Suburban Train Services. 
To the north is Puhinui Train Station and to the south is the Homai Train Station. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:The_Caretaker_%28musician%29">
The Caretaker (musician). 
The Caretaker is a long running project by electronic musician James Kirby alongside his more infamous project Vm. 
The Caretaker creates dusty and forgotten memories, echoes and vibrations from the past. 
Using as source, recordings from the 1920's and 1930's era of Ballroom music. 
Often painful and desolate memories, recalled and replayed from beyond the grave of our senses. 
In amongst this darkness lies the solace of a semi-recognisable melody or phrase, a beacon of light in this often dark and distant ocean of haunted recalled audio. 
The Caretaker releases the majority of his work on the Vm Test Records label. 
Initially the project was inspired by the haunted ballroom scene in the Stanley Kubrick film The Shining (film). 
Recently The Caretaker has shifted attention onto the processes of the brain's function in recalling memories. 
This has been typified by the monumental release 'Theoretically pure anterograde amnesia' which was released in 2005 as a series of 72 free MP3 downloads. 
In 2006 this was pressed up as a limited edition 6cd boxset. 
Those who suffer from 'theoretically pure anterograde amnesia' will still be able to recall memories laid down before the onset of anterograde amnesia, but will exist in a transient world where anything beyond their immediate attention-span disappears permanently from their consciousness. 
The release itself found much critical acclaim it was record of the week in Stylus Magazine), received a favourable review in grooves magazine) and was given an honorary mention at the ARS Technica awards for Digital Musics in Austria, 2007) Older works have received critical acclaim in publications as diverse as Russian Playboy and the BBC) and the project was a favourite of legendary BBC Radio host John Peel who regularly played audio by The Caretaker on his shows. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Communications_in_Malta">
Telephones - main lines in use: 17,691 (1997), 141,006 (March 2001), 303,980, i. e. 75.8 per 100 population (2004) submarine cables and microwave radio relay between islands 2 submarine cables; satellite earth station - 1 Intelsat (Atlantic Ocean) AM 1, FM 18, shortwave 6 (1999) 1 VHF (9H1BBS 145.750MHz CTCSS 77Hz (Owned by G0DEO/9H1IA) 1 UHF (9H1BBS 433.175MHz CTCSS 77Hz (Owned by G0DEO/9H1IA) 1 ATV Repeater (Run by MARL Club) 1 HF 6 Meater 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Proof_%28play%29">
Proof (play). 
'Proof ' is a play by David Auburn originally produced by the Manhattan Theatre Club on 23 May 2000. It then went to Broadway on 24 October 2000 at the Walter Kerr Theatre. 
Directed by Daniel J. Sullivan, with Mary-Louise Parker as Catherine, Larry Bryggman as Robert, Ben Shenkman as Hal, and Johanna Day as Claire. 
Mary-Louise Parker won the Tony Award for her performance. 
Later during the Broadway run, Jennifer Jason Leigh (September 13, 2001 to June 30, 2002) and Anne Heche took over the lead role. 
Josh Hamilton and Neil Patrick Harris subsequently played the role of Hal. 
Plot synopsis. 
The play concerns Catherine, the daughter of Robert, a recently deceased mathematical genius and professor at the University of Chicago, and her struggle with mathematical genius and mental illness. 
Catherine had cared for her father through a lengthy mental illness. 
Upon Robert's death, his ex-graduate student Hal discovers a paradigm-shifting proof about prime numbers in Robert's office. 
The title refers both to that proof and to the play's central question: Can Catherine prove the proof's authorship? 
Along with proving the proof, the daughter also finds herself in a relationship with 28-year-old Hal. 
Throughout, the play explores Catherine's fear of following in her father's footsteps, both mathematically and mentally. 
Film adaptation. 
Gwyneth Paltrow played Catherine in the 2005 film Proof , which was directed by John Madden again. 
Along with Paltrow, it starred Anthony Hopkins, Hope Davis, and Jake Gyllenhaal. 
The film version added more characters (in minor supporting roles), whereas the play has only four. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Council_of_Nordic_Trade_Unions">
Council of Nordic Trade Unions. 
The Council of Nordic Trade Unions (NFS) is a regional trade union federation. 
It represents 8 million members from the Nordic countries of Europe. 
It was founded in 1972, and has close ties with the Baltic Sea Trade Union Network (BASTUN). 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Green_tree_reservoir">
Green tree reservoir. 
Green tree reservoirs consist of bottomland hardwood forest land which is shallowly flooded in the fall and winter. 
The trees in the flooded area are not killed, and in fact, can benefit from the flooding. 
Studies have shown that the availability of flooded bottomland hardwood timber from late fall through early spring is critical to the breeding success of birds such as the mallard duck. 
The ducks are attracted to green tree reservoirs to feed on mast such as acorns, that fall into the water. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Derek_Venturi">
Derek Venturi. 
Derek Venturi ,17 years old, is a character from Life With Derek , a Canadian-produced show. 
Derek Venturi is played by Michael Seater. 
Character description. 
Derek is portrayed as a rebel. 
Over the years he has always gotten what he wanted, both at home and school. 
He takes pride in charming his father, his peers, their parents, and seasoned teachers. 
Until now, his influence, especially at home, has been uncontested; in the episode How I Met Your Step-Brother , he describes himself as the alpha-dog, saying, When I bark, my Dad listens. 
Derek is a cool guy . 
He plays sports, notably hockey; he claims he does n't like football, saying that football players are just cows (Derek Un-Done ). 
He also spends a considerable amount of time thinking about, and talking to girls, completing the macho male stereotype. 
It is suggested he's never really had very many girlfriends for more than a couple days (with the exception of Kendra and Sally), and he says in Cheerleader Casey that he has a list of girls he wants to date before he gets out of high school. 
Also, he has a very strict no hugging policy , suggested from the very beginning, brought up again in It's Our Party when he tells Edwin, You know my no hugging policy. 
and also does n't like public displays of affection, such as kissing in public. 
In episode The Venturian Candidate , it was revealed that Derek failed the first grade, and it is shown that he failed recess and naptime in various grades in the episode Adios Derek . 
However, along with the rest of the Venturis (with the exception of Marti), Derek is afraid of mice. 
Derek often finds picking on his new step-sister Casey amusing. 
In his mind, her refusal to submit only encourages him, and makes the activity more challenging. 
His younger brother Edwin is his trusted accomplice and lackey. 
For years, what Derek wanted, Edwin delivered, such as doing Derek's school projects. 
Now, with the appearance of two new sisters, Edwin is reconsidering his position. 
In the series, Edwin seems to always stick to Derek's side, enjoying the attention of his brother and getting jealous if he is not the one Derek looks to. 
Since Casey has moved into Derek's house, and since he is portrayed as having a naturally conniving nature, Derek starts out ahead. 
However he often seems to underestimate Casey. 
Moreover, well hidden beneath the arrogance and confidence is a soft heart, which sometimes gets in the way of his desire to win. 
This soft-heartedness is characterized by the fact that he, though generally being considered not very considerate, has a noticeable soft spot for his younger sister, Marti. 
Exceptions. 
When it comes to Casey, Derek has a nobody messes with my stepsister but me attitude: Casey McDonald. 
Although their siblings seem to get along with each other fine, Casey and Derek, the older children do not get along at all. 
Casey and her battles with her new stepbrother are often main points of every episode. 
However, it's shown in a few episodes that they do n't totally dislike each other. 
In the episode The Fall , Derek insists he's only helping Casey's rep because if she looks bad, he looks bad, but it's made pretty obvious that Lizzie's statement, She's your sister too, actually got to him. 
He also bails her out of trouble in The Poxfather . 
He is quicker to help, however, when he gets something out of it too. 
Although, as the show advances, it's shown that Derek is actually starting to have a closer relationship with Casey. 
Same as Derek, Casey knows when her stepbrother is not playing and needs help. 
At home mostly what Casey fights for is for the Venturi and the MacDonald family to have the same power over the house. 
In an episode where Derek finds out that Casey's new boyfriend is cheating on her, Derek is quick to rescue Casey and reveal what a jerk her boyfriend is. 
Through the whole episode, he is pondering whether to do the right thing to help Casey, and in the end, he does. 
Now they get along a little better than they did in the earlier days of their parent's marriage but they still fight quite a bit but tend to work together more after having gone through much together. 
Lizzie McDonald. 
Derek and Lizzie have an unspoken live and let live policy. 
They rarely interact, but neither does one of them have a problem with the other. 
They could potentially be close without Casey standing between them, but they have an understanding that for right now, this is how it is. 
In The Fall , Derek is unsympathetic toward Casey's plight until Lizzie comes to him and begs on Casey's behalf. 
He does act brotherly towards her and considers her his sister. 
He also coaches her in hockey, and ends up hugging her and calling her Super Lizzie . 
Also, when he offers to help her more, she asks if it's as her coach or stepbrother, and he replies: as your big brother. 
He does mention in When Derek Met Sally that he likes being her stepbrother. 
Derek never teases Lizzie like he does to Casey and Edwin. 
Marti Venturi. 
Though Derek does n't seem much like an older brother in most respects, he does have the older-brother instincts when it comes to Marti. 
Derek would do nearly anything for Marti - including dressing up as a princess. 
He also comes to her rescue when Casey does n't know what to do when Marti eats mysterious berries in the episode, The Wedding , in The Lies My Brother Told Me when Casey says that the fake dog died and Marti got upset, Derek immediately picks her up and tells her he was just a pretend dog to make her feel better, in Adios Derek Marti gives him the silent treatment which seems to upset him, she drew a picture for him and this seemed to make him more upset 
Derek and Marti have a really special relationship. 
Derek usually does n't understand why Marti likes Casey and sometimes considers her a liability when he and Casey are competing, but he always forgives Marti and always lets her try again. 
They call each other Smarti and Smerek, and they have a secret handshake. 
George Venturi. 
Derek's father, George, always seems to have to discipline Derek. 
Derek often makes smart-alec remarks to his smart lawyer father. 
However, in most episodes, Derek and George have a decently normal father-son relationship, although George never hesitates in accusing Derek for all his problems. 
But usually Derek gets him to take his side in argument with Casey. 
George is like Derek in many ways, he likes sports, he will normally get a burp in at the total gross-out contest, and he respects the fact that Edwin and Derek do n't want to be turned into girls . 
But he also does n't mind the changes Casey is making, which Derek will not accept. 
It is, however, obvious, that Derek has at least resigned himself to living with it. 
In the episode the Room , Derek admits that he's never seen his father happier, and this makes him rethink his own position about his bedroom. 
He also suggests that he really does think a great deal about his Dad, saying, Your Mom was lucky to have married my Dad. 
George often accidentally gives Derek ideas that he should n't give, demonstrated in the episode Rumor Mill when he tells Derek about how he used to break up with his girlfriend right before Valentine's Day to avoid buying her a gift. 
There are times when Nora questions things he has allowed his children to do in the past, an example being scary movies. 
George and Derek do not have many father-son moments, but in the episode Mice and Men , after trying for a long time to impress Kendra by being serious and well-behaved, they do share a moment when George tells Derek he would like it better if Derek went back to being himself. 
Nora McDonald. 
In Babe Raider , Derek makes the comment to his father that I like her, Dad, but you married her. 
Derek thinks Nora is a good person, but he really did n't want her to move into his house, bringing two daughters and all their feminist ideas. 
While Nora always takes Casey's side in arguments and wo n't even consider Derek's point, she usually tries to reason with him about her points. 
Derek sees Nora as Casey's tool to get what she wants in the house. 
Although, in the episode 'Slacker Mom', Derek refers to Nora as the best step-mom in all of Canada and then he goes to help her out at the school's funfair, showing that he actually respects her and love her as a step-mom. 
Later in the series in the episode, Take A Stepkid to Work Day , Derek helps Nora with a very rich and wealthy client. 
Although the meeting began looking gloomy as Nora was trying to juggle taking care of a sick Marti and pitch her idea, Derek comes to the rescue with his own ideas. 
Derek is shown not only helping his step-mom, but sticking up for her when her client was ready to leave. 
In the episode How I Met Your Stepbrother , when Derek accepts Casey's proposal (which she made for Nora) for his Dad, he states that he thinks a great deal of her, saying, As crazy as it is that someone has great as you would fall for someone like my Dad ... Edwin Venturi. 
Derek often appears to be treating Edwin like a slave, especially in the first season, but as the series progresses, it becomes apparent that he really does love Edwin as a brother. 
It is stated in the episode Bully Brothers that Derek has never actually physically harmed Edwin. 
In this episode, he attempts to teach Edwin to stand up for himself, presumably to make him more manly. 
He often gives Edwin advice (mostly on girls, demonstrated in Derek's School of Dating and He Shoots, She Scores ). 
In the episode It's Our Party , he tells Edwin that it's all right to be scared of girls, and that it's normal, though he later confides in Casey that I lied to Edwin and told him I was a loser like him . 
This, of course, could be a lie; it's never truly revealed. 
In the third and fourth seasons, Derek allows Edwin in his room more often and Edwin stops being so afraid of him. 
While he still uses Edwin to get what he wants, Edwin is often a willing participant in his schemes. 
In the episode No More Games , Edwin gets up the nerve to stand up to Derek and ends up breaking the ping pong table, which Derek then takes the blame for when the situation is addressed by their father. 
In the episode Teddy's Back , Edwin develops feelings of jealousy when Teddy begins to take on the roll that he had previously occupied, doing all Derek's biding. 
He confronts Derek, saying he thinks Teddy is up to no good, and Derek tells him that Teddy is like the perfect little brother, thus depressing Edwin to a whole new level and causing him to turn to Lizzie and Marti to get Teddy out of the house for good. 
Later, after Derek proves he is, in fact, the King of pranks, he tells Edwin to do something. 
When Edwin expresses his surprise, Derek acknowledges their relationship, also directing a comment towards Teddy: If you ever wanna hone your pranking skills, talk to Eddy. 
Taught him everything I know. 
Kendra Mason. 
Kendra is Derek's ex-girlfriend. 
In episode Dating Game , Kendra helps Derek's stepsister, Casey, to get a boyfriend. 
And Derek and Kendra share a kiss in this episode. 
He feels she calls him too much, and tries to avoid her in Dinner Guest and Misadventures in Babysitting , stating he does n't do tears. 
Sally. 
Sally is Derek's ex-girlfriend. 
They met in the episode When Derek Meets Sally. 
He tends to listen to and obey Sally more readily than anyone seen on the show so far. 
He has a hard time expressing his feelings for her, demonstrated in the episode, Open Mic plight , when she asks him to write her a song if he ca n't find the words. 
They break-up when Sally states that she will attend college in Vancouver; they get back together but break up for good when Sally actually goes to Vancouver. 
She is also the only girl that Derek ever really loved even though he denies it. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Love_%28Sesame_Street_album%29">
Love (Sesame Street album). 
'LaVE ' (spelled with the a on the front cover and an O elsewhere on the record and sleeve) is a record album featuring the cast of Sesame Street . 
It was released in 1980. Trivia. 
Bert and Ernie do two duets, one on each side. 
On side one, Ernie is credited first; on side two, Bert is. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Ken_Chant">
Ken Chant. 
Ken Chant (born 6 June 1933), is an Australian Pentecostal pastor with the CRC Churches International. 
He was ordained in 1952 in the CRC. 
He is the elder brother of Dr Barry Chant, who is the founder (with the Reverend Dennis Slape) and was, for many years, the president of Tabor College, Australia. 
Ken Chant has planted eight churches and been pastor of several others. 
For several years he was the editor of two Australian charismatic/Pentecostal journals (Revivalist and Vision ). 
He has been the principal of four Bible colleges (in Australia and the USA) and has spoken and taught in churches, crusades, conferences, seminars and colleges in a dozen different countries worldwide. 
Vision International College and University. 
In 1974 he established Vision International College in Launceston, Tasmania, as a Bible correspondence school . 
To enhance this teaching ministry, he moved to the USA in 1981 and, with Dr Stan DeKoven, established Vision International University, which merged the correspondence courses with a local church campus program. 
In 2007 the college had some 7000 teaching centres in more than 150 countries with more than 100,000 students. 
Author and composer. 
Chant is the author of 40 books, including many college texts. 
He has also composed a number of gospel songs published in various collections both in Australia and other countries. 
Details of his life and writings can be found on his personal website (see the link below). 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:St._Marks_National_Wildlife_Refuge">
St. Marks National Wildlife Refuge. 
St. Marks National Wildlife Refuge is one of the oldest wildlife refuges in the United States. 
Established in 1931 as a wintering ground for migratory birds, it encompasses 68,000 acres (280 km) spread between Wakulla, Jefferson, and Taylor Counties in the state of Florida. 
The refuge includes several Gulf of Mexico coastal habitats, such as saltwater marshes, islands, tidal creeks, and the estuaries of seven north Florida rivers. 
It is home to a diverse range of plant and animal life and also has a long history of human use, including structures such as the St. Marks Lighthouse, the second oldest lighthouse in Florida. 
The refuge is a 'gateway site' for the Great Florida Birding Trail. 
Access. 
Public accesses to the refuge are located at: There is no paved public access to the refuge in Jefferson County. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Bergenhus_Regiment">
Bergenhus Regiment. 
'Bergenhus Regiment ' was a Norwegian Army infantry regiment located in the counties of Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane. 
It was first formed in 1628 and finally disbanded in 2002. In 2006 it was decided that as the Norwegian Home Guard has taken over both the territorial responsibility and recruitment area of the old regiments they are recognised as their successors. 
Thus battle honours and history has been transferred to them and new banners based on the old regimental colours were created to reflect that. 
The history of Bergenhus Regiment is carried on by Bergenhus Heimevernsdistrikt 09 and Møre og Fjordane Heimevernsdistrikt 11. Introduction. 
Bergenhus Regiment was first raised in 1628 as part of the Danish King Christian IV's plan to create a Norwegian army. 
Most armies of that time had in their ranks large proportions of mercenaries, expensive troops to maintain and sometimes of questionable loyalty. 
Thus by raising an army that was to manned by his own rural subjects he wished to create an organization that would be loyal, could quickly be put on a war-footing and that could serve his interest, both in war and peace. 
To recruit men for this army all farms in the realm from Bahus in the south to Trøndelag in the central north was organized into the legd"-system. 
A legd consisted of four full farms, which together would provide and equip a single soldier. 
The initial army consisted of five regiments: There were also three independent companies: 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:VivaAerobus">
Aeroenlaces Nacionales, S. A. de C. V., trading as VivaAerobus, is a low cost airline part-owned by the founders of Europe's biggest low-cost carrier, Ryanair. 
History. 
VivaAerobus started operations on November 30, 2006 with its hub at General Mariano Escobedo International Airport (MTY), in Monterrey, Mexico. 
VivaAerobus initially connected General Mariano Escobedo International Airport, Terminal C to a number of Mexican domestic locations and, in July 2007, publicly confirmed their intention to open their first base outside of Mexico and first US destination in Austin, Texas. 
The airline currently flies between Monterrey and twenty one other Mexican cities (September 2008). 
It is co-owned by the Ryan family, founders of Ryanair and the Mexican bus company IAMSA. 
The Ryans joined with Maurice Mason of Kite Investments to establish RyanMex to facilitate the Irish family's investment in the Mexican airline. 
RyanMex hold 49 percent of shares in the airline, while IAMSA will have the remaining majority stake. 
It started off with an initial investment of $50 million and two Boeing 737-300 airplanes bearing its vivid green and red dots logo. 
The airline has served 1.3 million passengers in its first year of operations and anticipates handling 2.4 million passengers in 2008. VivaAerobus fares intend to undercut traditional Mexican carriers by up to 50 percent, in a change of the industry that started with the arrival of the country's first low-cost airlines (Avolar, Click Mexicana, Interjet, Volaris) and the privatization of Mexicana, one of the two top local airlines. 
On November 5, 2007 the airline received approval from the US Department of Transportation to operate to Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, initially serving the Mexican destinations of Cancun, Monterrey, Guadalajara and Leon. 
Flights to the South Terminal Austin began on May 1, 2008. In-flight services. 
VivaAerobus has a buy on board program offering food and drinks for purchase. 
Bus services. 
VivaAerobus operates a bus shuttle between Austin-Bergstrom International Airport South Terminal and the Omnibus Mexicanos Bus Terminal in eastern Houston in addition to a bus shuttle between the Austin airport and the Omnibus Mexicanos Bus Terminal in downtown San Antonio for VivaAerobus passengers on flights going to and from Cancun and Monterrey. 
Viva Aerobus also operates a shuttle from downtown El Paso, Texas to Abraham Gonzalez International Airport in Ciudad Juarez. 
Fleet. 
The VivaAerobus fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of 19 September 2008):, the average age of the VivaAerobus fleet is 22.3 years (). 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Kapiti_Urban_Area">
Kapiti Urban Area. 
The Kapiti Urban Area is a statistical area defined by Statistics New Zealand to cover a group of urban settlements on the Kapiti Coast. 
Kapiti Urban Area is classified as a main urban area because its population exceeds 30,000, but unlike the other main urban areas it is not centred on a city. 
Instead, the urban area spans three towns : The largest of these is Paraparaumu. 
Raumati may be considered a suburb of Paraparaumu or a separate town in its own right. 
There are no legal definitions for towns in New Zealand. 
Kapiti is better described as a commuter area of Wellington than an independent city. 
It may be more of an anomaly of classification that it is not treated as a zone within the Wellington Urban Area. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Breathe_%28Reprise%29">
Breathe (Reprise). 
Breathe (Reprise) is a song on Pink Floyd's album Dark Side of The Moon that is a recapitulation, with different lyrics, of the song Breathe . 
Lasting just over one minute, the reprise is merged with the song Time to which it serves as a coda. 
During recording, it was called Home Again. 
When the song ends the reverberations of the final note resound for about a second before the piano of The Great Gig in the Sky . 
When Pink Floyd reunited for the Live 8 concert, they combined Breathe , and Breathe (Reprise) , something they had never done before, although Sea of Green had previously covered the song in this manner on their 2001 album Time to Fly . 
The song features on David Gilmour's 2007 DVD, Remember That Night , and in his 2008 CD Live in GdaDsk . 
These are the only instances of the song being given a separate track number to Time on an official release. 
The Live in GdaDsk version is titled Breathe (In The Air) (reprise) rather than just Breathe (Reprise) . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Butterfly_weed">
Butterfly weed. 
Butterfly weed (Asclepias tuberosa ) is a species of milkweed native to eastern North America. 
It is a perennial plant growing to 0.6-2 m (1 -2 feet) tall, with clustered orange or yellow flowers from early summer to early fall. 
The leaves are spirally arranged, lanceolate, 5-12 cm long and 2-3 cm broad. 
This plant favors dry, sand or gravel soil, but has also been reported on stream margins. 
The common name comes from the butterflies that are attracted to the plant by its color and its copious production of nectar. 
Butterfly weed is also the larval food plant of the Queen butterfly. 
The butterfly weed grows to be 1-3 feet long. 
Identification. 
The plant looks similar to the Lanceolate milkweed (Asclepias lanceolata ), but is uniquely identified by the larger number of flowers, and the hairy stems that are not milky when broken. 
It is most commonly found in fields with dry soil. 
Propagation. 
Butterfly weed is easily propagated in water. 
Other common names. 
Canada-root, Chiggerflower, Indian posy, Orange-root, Orange swallowwort, Tuberroot, Whiteroot, Windroot, Yellow or Orange milkweed. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Shidax">
Shidax. 
() is a company providing feeding services and operating karaoke shop chain in Japan. 
Its karaoke shop, which operates under the name SHIDAX Please! 
is typical of the many big karaoke establishments and serves a wide selection of drinks and food. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Haqiqat_Rai">
Haqiqat Rai. 
Haqiqat Rai was born at Sialkot (1724 CE) to Durga and Bhag Mal, Khatris of the Puri subcaste. 
It was common then for boys to study Persian under Maulvis (Muslim scholars). 
Haqiqat Rai was the only Khatri in a class where his other classmates were Muslims. 
One day, a boy in order to tease Haqiqat Rai, ridiculed Durga Mata, the Hindu mother goddess. 
Haqiqat Rai responded by ridiculing Mohammed. 
The Muslim boys tortured him and he returned home crying. 
The Muslim boys complained to the maulvi about Haqiqat Rai 'blaspheming' the Prophet, which enraged the maulvi. 
He had Haqiqat Rai arrested and sent to Amir Beg, the administrator of Sialkot who asked him to embrace Islam as punishment for 'blasphemy'. 
Haqiqat Rai refused conversion. 
Haqiqat Rai was then sent to Zakaria Khan, the Governor of Lahore. 
When Haqiqat Rai did not agree to convert even under further torture, he was executed by the orders of the Governor in January, 1735 A. D. at the tender age of 12. The day of his execution used to marked by a 'mela' (fair) on Vasant Panchami day in Lahore, around his 'samadh' (Baway di marrhi), prior to India's partition. 
It appears his 'samadh' was wrecked during riots in Lahore that followed the destruction of the Babri Masjid in Ayodhya. 
One of the objections to celebration of Vasant Panchami (called Basant in Lahore) by Muslim scholars is because it coincides with the memorial day for Haqiqat Rai. 
There is a at Batala at the spot that marks the samadhi of Sati Lakshmi, the wife of young boy Haqiqat Rai. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Tony_Rock">
Tony Rock. 
Tony Rock (born 'Antonio Rock on June 30,1974) is an American actor and stand-up comic. 
He is the younger brother of Comedian Chris Rock Rock grew up on Decatur Street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of New York City. 
Tony's first break happened when he traveled to Amsterdam, Netherlands. 
The Hollywood Reporter picked him as one of the funniest young talents from New York, in 2000. In the early 2000s, Rock hosted a short-lived game show entitled Can You Tell? 
for Oprah Winfrey's Oh! 
Oxygen network. 
Tony has made many guest appearances, such as being on The Howard Stern Show , and he came to New York with Mark Curry and John Henton to highlight the Apollo Theater. 
He co-starred as Dirk Black on the UPN/CW sitcom All of Us . 
Tony works as a back-up to his brother, Chris Rock. 
Rock is the host of The Funny Spot on TV One. 
Tony Rock has a new series, The Tony Rock Project, currently airing on MyNetworkTV. 
Rock was pulled over and arrested in Los Angeles on February 18 by Highway Patrol officers after he was caught allegedly speeding down the 101 Freeway. 
When cops confronted Rock, they suspected he was intoxicated behind the wheel and he was booked after failing sobriety tests, reports TMZ. 
com. 
He was held behind bars at a Los Angeles jail for several hours and was expected to post his $5,000 bail and be released shortly. 
References. 
Tony Rock's age is wrong. 
He graduated from Forest Hills High School in Forest Hills, New York in 1988. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Strange_Famous_Records">
Strange Famous Records is an underground hip-hop music label based in Providence, Rhode Island, started by Sage Francis. 
Planned releases include a collaboration album between Reanimator and Prolyphic, and an album by spoken word artist B. Dolan. 
History. 
Strange Famous Records started out in 1996 as a way for Sage Francis to release music. 
Originally this involved tape dubbing and photocopying covers. 
In 1999, whilst working at the radio station 90.3 WRIU, he was allowed access to the stations computers and CDRs replaced the tapes. 
The albums were sold locally, raising money to press CDs at a manufacturing plant. 
The online store was soon developed and a mail order business was set into effect. 
This was a cash only snail mail service that thrived because of SFR's exclusive catalogue and people's trust in the company. 
They were rewarded and thanked by the extra goodies that were placed in the packages (usually show-related items found around the Strange Famous household). 
The catalogue expanded into shirts, sweatshirts, vinyl, stickers, buttons and eventually other people's projects. 
In late 2005, SFR enlisted the help of outside parties to create, an online webstore which accepts paypal, credit cards, money orders and cash. 
In 2006, SFR added a lot to its catalogue; not only Sage Francis items (such as the Life is Easy DVD and Road Tested CD), but items from people who work closely with SFR, including Reanimator, Prolyphic, B. Dolan, Grand Buffet, Sole, Alias, Sol. 
illaquists of Sound among others. 
Most recently, the Dan Le Sac Vs Scroobius Pip album called Angles was released in the US and Canada on Strange Famous. 
A B. Dolan album called The Failure and a Prolyphic and Reanimator album called The Ugly Truth were both released on SFR on May 8th, 2008. Sage Francis is the executive producer of both and appears on both albums. 
A Buck 65 album called Situation, produced by Skratch Bastid, was released October 30th, 2007 on SFR. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Mount_Edgcumbe_House">
Mount Edgcumbe House. 
Mount Edgcumbe House is a stately home in south-east Cornwall. 
It is a Grade II listed building and the gardens are listed as Grade I in the Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England. 
It is situated within Mount Edgcumbe Country Park, in the parish of Maker on the Rame Peninsula, overlooking Plymouth Sound. 
The main entrance to the park is in the village of Cremyll. 
The house was formerly the seat of the Earls of Mount Edgcumbe. 
The house was built between 1547 and 1553. It was gutted by German bombs in 1943, and restored from 1958 onwards by the 6th Earl. 
In 1971, the 7th Earl sold the house and park to Cornwall County Council and Plymouth City Council, and it has been open to the public since 1988. Its interiors have been restored to 18th century styles. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Nora_McDonald_and_George_Venturi">
Nora McDonald and George Venturi. 
Nora McDonald and 'George Venturi '(the ugly man) are characters from Life With Derek , a Canadian-produced show. 
Nora McDonald and George Venturi are played by Joy Tanner & John Ralston. 
Nora McDonald. 
Divorced for five years from a successful corporate lawyer, Nora has never really cared that much about material possessions anyway. 
Prior to her marriage to George, Nora raised her two daughters, Casey and Lizzie, on her own. 
Nora is a partner in a firm that specializes in window coverings. 
When Nora goes to work she looks very professional and put together which is a contrast to her at-home style which more relaxed. 
She adores her new husband though sometimes finds his refusal to take things seriously exasperating. 
Nora is a businesswoman in her own right, and a feminist who believes in raising strong daughters - although she got a bit more than she bargained for with Casey. 
At one point she becomes guilty of not being home due to her job and decides to become super-mom , organizing the funfair at Casey's high school. 
By her surname, it is insinuated that Nora and her daughters, Casey and Lizzie are of Scottish or Irish descent. 
Nora is a hard worker like her two daughters and is very independant and organized, although when she first moves into the Venturi home she gets a bit messy (which Casey helps her overcome. 
) She is generally calm, but she can stress out occasionally like Casey and work overnight, shown when she was working on the funfair. 
It is implied that she is a clean freak; she hates when the living room is a mess and whenever she and George go away she worries that Casey and Derek may mess up the house during one of their fights. 
Also, she is shown to care very deeply about her plants. 
In Do n't Take a Tip From Me Nora admits that she has grown to love her step-children. 
George Venturi. 
George is a legal aid lawyer. 
George is a laid-back kind of guy and plays guitar and does home renovation, both fairly badly. 
He also likes to joke around, cook, and watch sports on TV with his sons. 
He is an abysmal driver, and his license is briefly suspended. 
He is quite messy and disorganized, but somehow manages to keep track of everything without any structure , which is what the McDonalds rely on, especially Casey. 
Prior to marrying Nora, George raised his three children; Derek, Edwin and Marti, on his own. 
It is unknown why he is no longer with his first wife or why he has permanent custody over the kids, but his first wife's name was Abby. 
Judging by his last name, it is insinuated that George and his three children, Derek, Edwin and Marti are of Italian descent. 
In the episode Prank Wars it is revealed that George was a master prankster in high school, a trait that he obviously passed on to his three children. 
George, laid-back as he may be, can occasionally get freaked out and yell, but only when things are truly wild in the McDonald-Venturi household. 
(An example of this was when his new car got dented, and when their relationship with their next door neighbours was on the verge of breaking. 
) George's sense of humor often gets him in trouble with Nora, but by the end of the episode they usually make up. 
Because George is the more laid-back parent, Casey trusts him to confide her secrets in when she's truly done something wrong, knowing he wo n't freak out like Nora may. 
He is very understanding and is highly trusted by the children. 
George also tends to worry about Derek sometimes, but does a good job of concealing his concern for his behaviour. 
He wishes Derek would come to him with his problems more (mostly academically), but helps him out a lot when he does ask, despite not being very strong in those areas himself, admitting he does n't know any biology. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Sawan_Mal">
Sawan Mal. 
Sawan Mal was the Khatri Diwan (governor) of Multan. 
He was originally from Gujranwala, the region where Maharaja Ranjit Singh's Misl, the Sukerchakias held sway. 
Along with Hari Singh Nalwa, he was one of the top commanders in Ranjit Singh's army. 
As a general under Ranjit Singh, he wrested the 'subah'(province) of Multan from the Durrani Afghans in 1823, after which he was made governor of the region, instituting improvements in agricultural production through irrigation schemes. 
He was succeeded to the governorship of Multan by his son, Mul Raj. 
Inventor of the Sohan Halwa? 
It is claimed that Sawan Mal invented a sweetmeat called Sawan Halwa or Sohan Halwa in 1750. This sweet was given as a gift to royal visitors and friends. 
It now a popular confection in the Indian subcontinent. 
However this story may be of dubious authenticity since Diwan Sawan Mal was not even born in 1750. Perhaps there is an error in the date mentioned. 
Descendants. 
Diwan Sawan Mal instituted vast improvement in agriculture, while his son, Diwan Mul Raj was instrumental in leading the revolt against the British to prevent the annexation of the Sikh Kingdom into East India Company territory. 
Diwan Sawan Mal's grandson, Harmohan Singh Rai Bahadur had betrayed the Lahore Durbar and joined hands with the regents of the British Crown and earned a Knighthood and the title of Rai Bahadur in the process. 
He was a general and the Jagirdar of Mithankot during the British Raj. 
His progeny are supposed to have been cursed by a Hindu goddess. 
They later migrated to India after the Partition. 
Two of his Great Great Grandson is Believed to be living in Bangalore, by the name of Bakshi Yadavendra Singh Chopra. 
His Grandson Diwan Sri Ram was the Governor of Gujranwala, Akalgarh, later migrated to India, Punjab after the partition. 
Another of his Great Grandson(son of Diwan Sri Ram)lived in Delhi, by the name of Bhim Sen Chopra, later changed his name to Om Prakash Chopra. 
He died in the year 2001 at the age of 91. Of his three sons two are still alive. 
Pawan Chopra, residing in Toronto, Canada and Dr. Arun Chopra in Hamburg, Germany. 
Dr. Arun Chopra married to a famous German Barbara-Christine Maria. 
Dr. Arun and Barbara-Christine have two royal daughters, Sita Chopra, date of birth 02.07.1993 and Sarah Chopra, date of birth 16.12.1980. 
Dr. Arun Chopra instituting vast improvement in global pharmaceutical, radiology imaging and medical device clinical R&D process. 
Dr. Arun Chopra is instrumental in setting-up major British, German, French and US-American companies in India and at the same time setting-up Indian companies in Europe. 
Thus Dr. Arun Chopra is improving business, educational and cultural relationship between Europe, USA and India on daily basis. 
Trivia. 
There is a city in Punjab (Pakistan) called Diwan Sawan Mal , which has been named after the Diwan. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:George_T._Anthony">
George T. Anthony. 
George Tobey Anthony (June 9, 1824 - August 5, 1896) was seventh Governor of Kansas. 
Anthony was born to Quakers on a farm outside the town of Mayfield, New York. 
His father died when he was five, and Anthony had to work to support himself, his mother, and his siblings. 
Anthony ran a hardware store, was married, and served as a county loan commissioner before serving in the American Civil War as a captain (brevetted major) of the 17th New York Independent Battery. 
At the end of the war in 1865, Anthony moved to Leavenworth, Kansas where he became the editor of several newspapers. 
He then held a few positions in internal revenue and was placed on the state board of agriculture. 
Anthony was elected governor of Kansas in 1876. As governor, Anthony was known for penny-penching, and favored programs that did not cost the state much money. 
During Anthony's term, the state's first telephone was installed and the Last Indian Raid in the state occurred near Fort Dodge. 
He was not re-elected in 1879. In retirement the former governor farmed and invested. 
He died in 1896 and became one of four governors buried in Topeka Cemetery, and is interred not far from his predecessor Thomas A. Osborn. 
Trivia. 
Governor Anthony was a 2nd cousin of famous suffragette Susan B. Anthony. 
Anthony, Kansas is named for him. 
Anthony was the first Kansas governor to read his message to the state legislature. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Pam_Allan">
Pam Allan. 
The Hon. (Pam) Pamela Diane Allan is a former politician in the state of New South Wales, Australia She first gained a place in the Legislative Assembly following her win in the seat of Wentworthville in the 1988 election. 
When this seat was dissolved as a result of a redistribution prior to the 1991 election she gained preselection and won the seat of Blacktown, and returned to her home electorate following the 1999 election. 
She served as the state Minister for the Environment under Bob Carr's premiership from 4 April, 1995 to 8 April, 1999. Allan retired from State politics in 2007. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Oneida_%28band%29">
Oneida is a rock band from Brooklyn, New York. 
Their influences include psychedelic rock, krautrock, and hard rock, but the overall structure and intent of their music cannot be easily traced to any of these styles, or the myriad other styles they have drawn upon in recordings. 
The most striking and consistent aspect of Oneida's music is their use of and fascination with repetition. 
Their 2002 LP, Each One Teach One , for instance, begins with two especially long tracks, Sheets of Easter and Antiobiotics , the former over fourteen minutes long, the latter more than sixteen. 
Both of these songs are composed of one repeated riff (with a few short interludes on Antiobiotics ). 
In addition to the use of repetition that easily outstrips the patience of most casual listeners, Oneida's music can be distinguished by the bandmember's extensive use of and enthusiasm for antique keyboards and analog electric pianos. 
Repetition in Oneida's music greatly complements the strengths and uniqueness of the fuzzy or cheesy-sounding keyboard elements. 
The band also runs Brah Records, an imprint of Jagjaguwar. 
The label has released records by Parts & Labor, Oakley Hall, Home, Company, and an Oneida/Plastic Crimewave Sound split 12 . 
In September 2007 the group celebrated 10 years of existence with a concert at the P. S. 1 Contemporary Art Center in NYC. 
In June 2008, it was announced that the band would be releasing a triptych of new records, referred to as the Thank Your Parents series. 
The first of these is Preteen Weaponry , which was released in August 2008, and the second is Rated O , due in early 2009. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Charles_Brown_%28musician%29">
Charles Brown (musician). 
Charles Brown (September 13, 1922 a January 21, 1999), born in Texas City, Texas was an American blues singer and pianist whose soft-toned, slow-paced blues-club style influenced the development of blues performance during the 1940s and 1950s. 
He had several hit recordings, including Drifting Blues and Merry Christmas Baby . 
In the late 1940s a rising demand for blues was driven by an increasing white teenage audience in the South which quickly spread north and west. 
Blues shouters got the attention, but also greatly influential was what writer Charles Keil dubbs the postwar Texas clean-up movement in blues led by stylists such as T-Bone Walker, Amos Milburn and Charles Brown. 
Their singing was lighter, more relaxed and they worked with bands and combos that had saxophone sections and used arrangements. 
Career. 
As a child Brown demonstrated his love of music and took classical piano lessons. 
Early on, Brown moved out to Los Angeles, where the great influx of blacks created an integrated nightclub scene in which black performers tended to minimize the rougher blues elements of their style. 
The blues club style of a light rhythm bass and right-hand tinkling of the piano and smooth vocals became popular, epitomized by the jazz piano of Nat King Cole. 
When Cole left Los Angeles to perform nationally, his place was taken by Johnny Moore's Three Blazers, featuring Charles Brown's gentle piano and vocals. 
Brown signed with Aladdin Records and his 1945 recording on that label of the bestseller Driftin' Blues with a small combo was a typical club blues song. 
The single was on the R&B charts for six months, putting Brown at the forefront of a musical evolution that changed American musical performance. 
His style dominated the influential Southern California club scene on Central Avenue during that period and he influenced such performers as Floyd Dixon, Cecil Gant, Ivory Joe Hunter, Percy Mayfield, Johnny Ace and Ray Charles. 
Driftin was the first of several hits Brown subsequently released Get Yourself Another Fool , Black Night , Hard Times and Trouble Blues , all major hits in the early 1950s on such labels as Modern Records as well as Alladin. 
He was unable to compete with the burgeoning rock and roll sound, though he maintained a small and devoted audience. 
Brown's approach was too mellow to survive the transition to rock's harsher rhythms, and he faded from the national limelight. 
His Please Come Home for Christmas, a hit in 1960 on the King Records remained seasonally popular. 
During the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, he occasionally recorded and tried to regain some prominence. 
This continued until the 1980s, when Bonnie Raitt helped usher in a Charles Brown comeback tour. 
He began a recording and performing career again, under the musical direction of guitarist Danny Caron, to greater success than he had achieved since the 1950s. 
Several records received Grammy Award nominations. 
He is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and received both the National Endowment for the Arts' National Heritage Fellowship and the W. C. Handy Award. 
Brown died in 1999 in Oakland, California. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Jason_Townsend">
Jason R. Townsend (born March 4, 1969) is an American artist and record producer best known for his work with music and video releases by Daniel Amos, The 77s, The Swirling Eddies and The Lost Dogs, through the record labels Stunt Records and Fools of the World. 
Townsend grew up in Wentzville, Missouri, not far from the home of rock and roll legend Chuck Berry. 
Townsend's great uncle was author Ira Jones, former sergeant of singer Elvis Presley. 
In the late 1980s, Townsend designed stages, Tshirts and backdrops for musicals and conferences, including Youth Encounter, held each year in Springfield, Illinois at the 8,900-seat Prairie Capital Convention Center. 
Thousands of teenagers attended YE each year to see a number of speakers and musical guests, including Tony Campolo, and Bryan Duncan. 
In 1996, Townsend with brother Eric Townsend started publishing the underground Giovanni Audiori Catalog, named in tribute of the late songwriter Mark Heard whom sometimes used the name Giovanni Audiori. 
The catalog was used primarily by record collectors, and independent record labels like Heard's Fingerprint Records, Larry Norman's Solid Rock Records, Daniel Amos' Stunt Records as well as music stores to advertise their merchandise, which - in the cases of independent or fan club releases - often did n't receive a lot of attention in the regular media. 
The catalog also became the primary source of promotion for a number of very limited edition releases, including a CD of Heard's earliest LP, Setting Yesterday Free. 
The catalog also included in-depth discographies from a variety of artists and even the occasional readers interview, in which the readers of the catalog themselves were able to submit questions which were then given to a musician to answer. 
Many musical artists also contributed to running columns, such as a top 10 records of all time series which featured top 10 lists from musicians like Gene Eugene and Jon Knox of Adam Again, Mike Roe and Mark Harmon of The 77s, Ashley Cleveland, Phil Madeira, Randy Stonehill, This Train, Rob Watson, Brian Healy, David Raven, Mitch McVicker, Jimmy Abegg, Mike Stand, John Fischer and others. 
Comedian David Brenner also contributed an unusual comment or two to the catalog. 
The name of the catalog was later changed to the simpler Audiori's Catalog before finally coming to an end in 1999. That same year, the Townsends began to work more closely with Stunt Records and, later, The 77s' Fools of the World label. 
In the years that followed, Townsend contributed to numerous Stunt and Fools of the World releases with work in the areas of photography, audio restoration and editing, video editing, graphic design and layout, and more. 
In 2007, both Townsends were mentioned by name in a song by The Swirling Eddies, A Medley of our Hit, from the album The midget, the speck and the molecule. 
Townsend currently lives near St. Louis, Missouri with his wife Laura. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:The_Sound_of_Sunshine">
The Sound of Sunshine. 
'The Sound of Sunshine ' was an instrumental album credited to The Sunshine Band and originally released in 1975 on the TK label, as an offshoot of the disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. 
Singer Harry Wayne Casey - KC - does not feature as a vocalist, though he co-produced it with partner Richard Finch. 
This largely forgotten enterprise was not a hit, despite KC and the Sunshine Band being close to the height of their success at the time. 
Track listing. 
All songs were written by Harry Wayne Casey and Richard Finch, except where noted. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Eric_Townsend">
Eric Townsend. 
Eric W. Townsend (born February 4, 1974) is an American musician and record producer best known for his work with music and video releases by Daniel Amos, The 77s, The Swirling Eddies and The Lost Dogs, through the record labels Stunt Records and Fools of the World. 
Townsend grew up in Wentzville, Missouri, not far from the home of rock and roll legend Chuck Berry. 
Townsend's great uncle was author Ira Jones, former sergeant of singer Elvis Presley. 
In 1996, Townsend with brother Jason Townsend started publishing the underground Giovanni Audiori Catalog, named in tribute of the late songwriter Mark Heard whom sometimes used the name Giovanni Audiori. 
The catalog was used primarily by record collectors, and independent record labels like Heard's Fingerprint Records, Larry Norman's Solid Rock Records, Daniel Amos' Stunt Records as well as music stores to advertise their merchandise, which - in the cases of independent or fan club releases - often did n't receive a lot of attention in the regular media. 
The catalog also became the primary source of promotion for a number of very limited edition releases, including a CD of Heard's earliest LP, Setting Yesterday Free. 
The catalog also included in-depth discographies from a variety of artists and even the occasional readers interview, in which the readers of the catalog themselves were able to submit questions which were then given to a musician to answer. 
Many musical artists also contributed to running columns, such as a top 10 records of all time series which featured top 10 lists from musicians like Gene Eugene and Jon Knox of Adam Again, Mike Roe and Mark Harmon of The 77s, Ashley Cleveland, Phil Madeira, Randy Stonehill, This Train, Rob Watson, Brian Healy, David Raven, Mitch McVicker, Jimmy Abegg, Mike Stand, John Fischer and others. 
Comedian David Brenner also contributed an unusual comment or two to the catalog. 
The name of the catalog was later changed to the simpler Audiori's Catalog before finally coming to an end in 1999. That same year, the Townsends began to work more closely with Stunt Records and, later, The 77s' Fools of the World label. 
In the years that followed, Townsend contributed to numerous Stunt and Fools of the World releases with work in the areas of photography, audio restoration and editing, video editing, graphic design and layout, and more. 
In 2007, both Townsends were mentioned by name in a song by The Swirling Eddies, A Medley of our Hit, from the album The midget, the speck and the molecule. 
Townsend currently lives near St. Louis, Missouri. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Fields_of_Rock">
Fields of Rock. 
Fields Of Rock is a Dutch rock music festival. 
It was first conceived in 2002. Metallica's agent called, announcing that the band was planning to tour the Netherlands, and Metallica wanted to do a festival. 
At that point in time there really was n't a suitable festival. 
And so Fields Of Rock was created. 
The location selected was the Goffertpark in Nijmegen. 
The first festival in 2003 was an enormous success with Marilyn Manson, Slayer, Metallica and 41,000 visitors. 
In 2004 there was no Fields of Rock because there where not that many hard rock groups on tour. 
The entrance fee is high because Fields Of Rock is an expensive production, with a total of four stages, of which has two main stages, twenty bands, including well known international, national, and local metal. 
After a two year break Fields of Rock returned and took place from June 16th to June 17th, 2007. The number of stages was reduced to 3, however the amount of the bands presented increased up to 36 among which were: Aiden, Black Label Society, Bloodsimple, Delain, DevilDriver, DragonForce, Dream Theater, Heaven and Hell, Ill Nino, Iron Maiden, Korn, Life of Agony, Machine Head, Megadeth, Motorhead, Ozzy Osbourne, Slayer, Suicidal Tendencies, Type O Negative and Velvet Revolver. 
However some organisational changes were made on the first day of the festival due to the late arrival of Papa Roach they were re-scheduled to the Temple of Rock stage. 
It was also announced that due to problems with the bus Machine Head will not be performing. 
The gap between the Mean Stage bands was filled in by Dublin Death Patrol. 
Even though Machine Head performance was canceled the band appeared on Day 2 observing the performance of KoRn from the back stage. 
The event was opened and led by the Spyderz vocalist and former Biohazard member Evan Seinfeld and his wife and former pornostar Tera Patrick. 
The 2008 edition of Fields of Rock was cancelled, because the organization was not able to get big bands as headliners. 
Main stage A:. 
Stone Sour, Autum, Disturbed, Monster Magnet, Marilyn Manson, Metallica Main stage A:. 
Alter Bridge, Motorhead, Velvet Revolver, Black Sabbath Tent stage:. 
Metal Church, Team Sleep, Mastodon, The Dillinger Escape Plan, After Forever, Chimaira, Machine Head, Flogging Molly MTV stage:. 
Skip the Rush, The*Ga*Ga*s, Autumn, Gorefest, Dreadlock Pussy, Helmet, Soulfly Mean stage (Day 1):. 
Lauren Harris, After Forever, Dublin Death Patrol, Heaven and Hell, Slayer, Iron Maiden (Headline). 
Mean stage (Day 2):. 
Black Label Society, Megadeth, Motorhead, Korn, Velvet Revolver, Ozzy Osbourne (Headline). 
Rage Stage (Day 1):. 
The Spyderz, Bloodsimple, Fastway, Mastodon, Pain Of Salvation Rage Stage (Day 2):. 
Volbeat, Walls of Jericho, DevilDriver, Life of Agony, Suicidal Tendencies, Hatebreed Temple of Rock (Day 1):. 
Panic Cell, In this Moment, Papa Roach, Aiden, Kamelot, DragonForce, Temple of Rock (Day 2):. 
Delain, Amon Amarth, Ill Nino, Hinder, Type O Negative, Dream Theater, 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Midland%2C_Virginia">
Midland is an unincorporated community in Fauquier County, Virginia, USA. 
Midland is home to a post office with the local zip code of 22728. Midland is the closest community to the birth place of John Marshall, the longest-serving Chief Justice in Supreme Court history. 
A small park honors his birthplace, with a marker placed where his home once stood. 
The county is also designated as part of the John Marshall Soil and Water Conservation District. 
The Warrenton-Fauquier Airport is also situated in Midland. 
Ross Industries is one of the companies that has its headquarters in Midland. 
C. M. Crockett Park also has a Midland address. 
It has Germantown Lake and the archeological sites of Germantown. 
The park has many facilities available to the public and is often used for county-wide events. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Quigley">
Quigley. 
Quigley is a surname shared by many people: People named Quigley in fiction include: 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Sheaf_Square">
Sheaf Square is a municipal square lying immediately east of the city centre of Sheffield, England. 
The sides of the square are lined with major buildings: Sheffield railway station, the Showroom Cinema, Sheffield Science Park, the early nineteenth century Howard Hotel and the new 4* Radisson Hotel built on the site of the old Nelson Mandela Building, the former Sheffield Hallam University Students' Union. 
Sheaf House and Dyson House, demolished in 2005 and 2006 respectively, completed the square, which now has its southern edge much further back, lined by the station's car-park. 
The e-campus, soon to be built across Sheaf Street between the station and Sheffield Interchange also has plans to build a centre on the original site of Sheaf and Dyson House. 
The square lies over the confluence of the Porter Brook and River Sheaf. 
Pond Tilt Forge and its dam were constructed on the site in 1732, with Bamforth Dam following about 1780. The two were filled in 1856 to accommodate the proposed railway station. 
With the post-World War II traffic plan for Sheffield, the site became a major intersection on Sheffield's inner ring road, with 'Sheaf Street, Pond Street, Howard Street and Paternoster Row meeting at a roundabout which was named Sheaf Square for the now subterranean river. 
In 2006 work began to simplify the road system and create a primarily pedestrianised space with a water cascade and a steel sculpture, leading people from the station, up Howard Street and into the city centre to the side of the Square. 
The gateway to Sheffield city centre situated to the side of Sheaf Square opened on 22 December 2006 with street performances and a fireworks display. 
The gateway contains seating, trees, effective lighting and two large water features, one of which includes The Cutting Edge steel sculpture. 
The new construction now acts as a 21st century gateway to the city and aims to give a good first impression of Sheffield to those arriving by train. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Yamauchi_Kazutoyo">
Yamauchi Kazutoyo. 
also spelled Yamanouchi (1545/1546? 
- November 1, 1605), was born the son of Yamanouchi Moritoyo in Owari Province at the end of the Sengoku period of Japan. 
Kazutoyo held the title of Tosa no kami . 
Kazutoyo served under Oda Nobunaga between from 1565 to 1582, the year Nobunaga was killed. 
Kazutoyo fought in the Battle of Anegawa, as well as the Battle of Nagashino. 
After the death of Nobunaga, Kazutoyo stayed on as a vassal under Toyotomi Hideyoshi. 
In doing so, he was rewarded with a 50,000-"koku fief at Kakegawa. 
In the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600, Kazutoyo supported Tokugawa Ieyasu, leading more than 2,000 men in that battle, and captured Gifu Castle as a result. 
As a reward for his achievements, Kazutoyo was given the Tosa Domain. 
To bring certain unruly warriors of Tosa into line, Kazutoyo called on the assistance of Ii Naomasa, who sent Suzuki Hyoe for this purpose. 
Kazutoyo built KMchi Castle. 
His life spanned the closing years of the Sengoku period, the Azuchi-Momoyama period, and the beginning of the Edo period. 
In drama. 
The 45th NHK Taiga drama (2006) is a dramatization of the life of Kazutoyo, with his wife Chiyo as the central character. 
KMmyM-ga-tsuji: Yamauchi Kazutoyo no Tsuma stars Nakama Yukie as Chiyo. 
Kamikawa Takaya plays Kazutoyo. 
The story is by Shiba Ryotaro. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:European_Confederation_of_Independent_Trade_Unions">
European Confederation of Independent Trade Unions. 
The European Confederation of Independent Trade Unions (CESI ; French Confederation Europeenne des Syndicats Independants , German Europaische Union der unabhangigen Gewerkschaften , Italian Confederazione Europea Sindacati Indipendenti ) is a regional trade union federation representing 5 million members of independent trade unions in Europe. 
CESI represents free and independent trade unions from the private and public sectors that adhere to democratic principles and defend the respect of human rights. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Premium_Plus">
Premium Plus. 
Premium Plus is a brand of soda cracker produced by Kraft Canada under the Mr. Christie Brand. 
It is currently sold in three flavours in Canada: Unsalted(Original), Salted and Whole Wheat. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Saadia_Gaon">
Saadia Gaon. 
Rabbi Seadiah ben Yosef Gaon (b. Egypt 882/892, d. Baghdad 942), (, Sa+d bin Yksuf al-Fayykmi ), was a prominent rabbi, Jewish philosopher, and exegete of the Geonic period. 
He is known for his works on Hebrew linguistics, Halakha, and Jewish philosophy. 
He is one of the more sophisticated practitioners of the philosophical school known as the Jewish Kalam . 
In this capacity, his philosophical work Emunoth ve-Deoth represents the first systematic attempt to integrate Jewish theology with components of Greek philosophy. 
Saadia was also very active in opposition to Karaism, in defense of rabbinic Judaism. 
Early life. 
Saadia, in Sefer ha-Galui , stresses his Jewish lineage, claiming to belong to the noble family of Shelah, son of Judah (see), and counting among his ancestors Hanina ben Dosa, the famous ascetic of the first century. 
Expression was given to this claim by Saadia in calling his son Dosa (this son later served as Gaon of Sura from 1013-1017). 
Regarding Joseph, Saadia's father, a statement of Aaron ben Meir has been preserved saying that he was compelled to leave Egypt and died in Jaffa, probably during Saadia's lengthy residence in the Holy Land. 
The usual epithet of Al-Fayyumi refers to Saadia's native place, the Fayum in upper Egypt; in Hebrew it is often given as Pitomi, derived from a contemporary identification of Fayum with the Biblical Pithom (an identification found in Saadia's own works). 
At a young age he left his home to study under the Torah scholars of Tiberias. 
At age 20 Saadia completed his first great work, the Hebrew dictionary which he entitled Agron . 
At 23 he composed a polemic against the followers of Anan ben David, particularly Solomon ben Yeruham, thus beginning the activity which was to prove important in opposition to Karaism, in defense of rabbinic Judaism. 
In the same year he left Egypt and settled permanently in Palestine. 
Dispute with Ben Meir. 
In 922 a controversy arose concerning the Hebrew calendar, that threatened the entire Jewish community. 
Since Hillel II (around 359 CE), the calendar had been based on a series of rules (described more fully in Maimonides' Code) rather than on observation of the moon's phases. 
One of these rules required the date of Rosh Hashanah to be postponed if the calculated lunar conjunction occurred at noon or later. 
Rabbi Aaron ben Meir, the Gaon of the leading Talmudic academy in Israel (then located in Ramle), claimed a tradition according to which the cutoff point was 642/1080 of an hour (approximately 35 minutes) after noon. 
In that particular year, this change would result in a two-day schism with the major Jewish communities in Babylonia: according to Ben Meir the first day of Passover would be on a Sunday, while according to the generally accepted rule it would be on Tuesday. 
Saadia was in Aleppo, on his way from the East, when he learned of Ben Meir's regulation of the Jewish calendar. 
Saadia addressed a warning to him, and in Babylon he placed his knowledge and pen at the disposal of the exilarch David ben Zakkai and the scholars of the academy, adding his own letters to those sent by them to the communities of the Diaspora (922). 
In Babylonia he wrote his Sefer ha-Mo'adim, or Book of Festivals, in which he refuted the assertions of Ben Meir regarding the calendar, and helped to avert from the Jewish community the perils of schism. 
Appointment as Gaon. 
His dispute with Ben Meir was an important factor in the call to Sura which he received in 928. The exilarch David ben Zakkai insisted on appointing him as Gaon (head of the academy), despite the weight of precedent (no foreigner had ever served as Gaon before), and against the advice of the aged Nissim Nahrwani, a Resh Kallah at Sura, who feared a confrontation between the two strong-willed personalities, David and Saadia. 
(Nissim declared, however, that if David was determined to see Saadia in the position, then he would be ready to become the first of Saadia's followers. 
) Under his leadership, the ancient academy, founded by Rav, entered upon a new period of brilliancy. 
This renaissance was cut short, though, by a clash between Saadia and David, much as Nissim had predicted. 
In a probate case Saadia refused to sign a verdict of the exilarch which he thought unjust, although the Gaon of Pumbedita had subscribed to it. 
When the son of the exilarch threatened Saadia with violence to secure his compliance, and was roughly handled by Saadia's servant, open war broke out between the exilarch and the gaon. 
Each excommunicated the other, declaring that he deposed his opponent from office; and David b. Zakkai appointed Joseph b. Jacob as gaon of Sura, while Saadia conferred the exilarchate on David's brother Hassan (Josiah; 930). 
Hassan was forced to flee, and died in exile in Khorasan; but the strife which divided Babylonian Judaism continued. 
Saadia was attacked by the exilarch and by his chief adherent, the young but learned Aaron ibn Sargado (later Gaon of Pumbedita, 943-960), in Hebrew pamphlets, fragments of which show a hatred on the part of the exilarch and his partisans that did not shrink from scandal. 
Saadia did not fail to reply. 
Later years. 
He wrote both in Hebrew and in Arabic a work, now known only from a few fragments, entitled Sefer ha-Galui (Arabic title, Kitab al-aarid ), in which he emphasized with great but justifiable pride the services which he had rendered, especially in his opposition to heresy. 
The seven years which Saadia spent in Baghdad did not interrupt his literary activity. 
His principal philosophical work was completed in 933; and four years later, through Ibn Sargado's father-in-law, Bishr ben Aaron, the two enemies were reconciled. 
Saadia was reinstated in his office; but he held it for only five more years. 
David b. Zakkai died before him (c. 940), being followed a few months later by the exilarch's son Judah, while David's young grandson was nobly protected by Saadia as by a father. 
According to a statement made by Abraham ibn Daud and doubtless derived from Saadia's son Dosa, Saadia himself died in Babylonia at Sura in 942, at the age of sixty, of black gall (melancholia), repeated illnesses having undermined his health. 
Exegesis. 
Saadia translated most, if not all, of the Bible into Arabic, adding an Arabic commentary, although there is no citation from the books of Chronicles. 
Significance. 
Saadia Gaon was a pioneer in the fields in which he toiled. 
The foremost object of his work was the Bible; his importance is due primarily to his establishment of a new school of Biblical exegesis characterized by a rational investigation of the contents of the Bible and a scientific knowledge of the language of the holy text. 
Saadia's Arabic translation of the Bible is of importance for the history of civilization; itself a product of the Arabization of a large portion of Judaism, it served for centuries as a potent factor in the impregnation of the Jewish spirit with Arabic culture, so that, in this respect, it may take its place beside the Greek Bible-translation of antiquity and the German translation of the Pentateuch by Moses Mendelssohn. 
As a means of popular religious enlightenment, Saadia's translation presented the Scriptures even to the unlearned in a rational form which aimed at the greatest possible degree of clearness and consistency. 
His system of hermeneutics was not limited to the exegesis of individual passages, but treated also each book of the Bible as a whole, and showed the connection of its various portions with one another. 
The commentary contained, as is stated in the author's own introduction to his translation of the Pentateuch, not only an exact interpretation of the text, but also a refutation of the cavils which the heretics raised against it. 
Further, it set forth the bases of the commandments of reason and the characterization of the commandments of revelation; in the case of the former the author appealed to philosophical speculation; of the latter, naturally, to tradition. 
The position assigned to Saadia in the oldest list of Hebrew grammarians, which is contained in the introduction to Ibn Ezra's Moznayim, has not been challenged even by the latest historical investigations. 
Here, too, he was the first; his grammatical work, now lost, gave an inspiration to further studies, which attained their most brilliant and lasting results in Spain, and he created in part the categories and rules along whose lines was developed the grammatical study of the Hebrew language. 
His dictionary, primitive and merely practical as it was, became the foundation of Hebrew lexicography; and the name Agron (literally, collection ), which he chose and doubtless created, was long used as a designation for Hebrew lexicons, especially by the Karaites. 
The very categories of rhetoric, as they were found among the Arabs, were first applied by Saadia to the style of the Bible. 
He was likewise one of the founders of comparative philology, not only through his brief Book of Seventy Words, already mentioned, but especially through his explanation of the Hebrew vocabulary by the Arabic, particularly in the case of the favorite translation of Biblical words by Arabic terms having the same sound. 
Saadia's works were the inspiration and basis for later Jewish writers, such as Berachyah in his encyclopedic philosophical work Sefer Hahibbur (The Book of Compilation). 
Relations to Mysticism. 
In his commentary on the Sefer Yetzirah Saadia sought to render lucid and intelligible the content of this esoteric work by the light of philosophy and scientific knowledge, especially by a system of Hebrew phonology which he himself had founded. 
He did not permit himself in this commentary to be influenced by the theological speculations of the Kalam, which are so important in his main works. 
In introducing Sefer Yetzirah"'s theory of creation he makes a distinction between the Biblical account of creation ex nihilo, in which no process of creation is described, and the process described in Sefer Yetzirah (matter formed by speech). 
The cosmogony of Sefer Yetzirah is even omitted from the discussion of creation in his magnum opus Kitab al-Amanat wal-I'tiaadat. 
From this it may be concluded that he regarded the Sefer Yetzirah as presenting one among many competing theories of creation, and not as authoritative. 
Concerning the supposed attribution of the book to the to the patriarch Abraham, he allows that the ideas it contains might be ancient, but that grammatical analysis shows that the text could not predate the Bible. 
Nonetheless, he clearly considered the work worthy of deep study and echoes of Sefer Yetzirah"'s cosmogony do appear in Kitab al-Amanat wal-I'tiaadat when Saadia discusses his theory of prophecy. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Grande_Prairie_Storm">
Grande Prairie Storm. 
The Grande Prairie Storm are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League. 
They play in Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada at the Canada Games Arena, capacity 3228, also known as the Crystal Centre. 
History. 
The Grande Prairie Storm franchise is the successor to the Grande Prairie Chiefs of the Rocky Mountain Junior Hockey League. 
The Storm came into being after a community led group bought the team with the goal of paying off its $150,000 in debts, and restoring junior A hockey to prominence in the Peace Country. 
Already having a brand new arena, the Canada Games Arena, built for the 1995 Canada Winter Games, the group was quickly able to retire the debt, and the Grande Prairie Storm took to the ice for its first season in 1995-96 in the RMJHL, winning the league championship. 
In 1996, the Storm jumped to the AJHL, where they have competed since. 
In their ten year tenure, the Storm have never failed to qualify for the post season. 
In 2004, the Storm won their first AJHL championship. 
They also hosted the Royal Bank Cup tournament that season, however they failed to win the Canadian national championship. 
The Storm have been a major success off the ice as well, as the franchise perennially leads the AJHL in attendance, and often leads the entire Canadian Junior A Hockey League in attendance. 
The Storm broke the previous attendance record for the Royal Bank Cup by over 9000 fans in 2004. Season-by-season record. 
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T/OTL = Ties/Overtime losses, SOL = Shootout losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against NHL alumni. 
The following former Storm have gone on to play in the NHL: 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Viral_life_cycle">
Viruses are similar to other living organisms, however there are differences. 
One of the ways a virus can be seen as living is that a virus needs to replicate and create progeny. 
However, unlike other organisms, a virus cannot live on its own. 
It is only active when replicating within a host, using a hosts' resources and food. 
Once inside a host, a virus's sole purpose is to make as many copies of itself, and infect other host cells; everything it does is to benefit its fitness and increase the number of its offspring. 
Generally, viruses are not regarded as living organisms as they are unable to live on their own. 
Overview. 
As stated above, the viral life cycle is dependent on a host cell. 
A virus is unable to replicate on its own or use raw materials on which to survive. 
Hence a virus will remain dormant until it is able to infect the next host, activate and replicate. 
Some viruses can live in an open environment for a short time, in some cases, only a few hours. 
Therefore, viruses use the most efficient method to locate a host, create progeny, and spread to other hosts. 
Exposure of host. 
Usually viral infection occurs when a virus enters the host, either: It is usually only after a virus enters a host that it can gain access to possible susceptible cells. 
Viral Entry. 
In order for the virus to reproduce and thereby establish infection, it must enter cells of the host organism and use those cells' materials. 
In order to enter the cells, proteins found on the surface of the virus interact with proteins of the cell. 
Attachment, or adsorption, occurs between the viral particle and the host cell membrane. 
A hole forms in the cell membrane, then the virus particle or its genetic contents are released into the host cell, where viral reproduction may commence. 
Viral replication. 
Next, a virus must take control of the host cell's replication mechanisms. 
It is at this stage a distinction between susceptibility and permissibility of a host cell is made. 
Permissibility determines the outcome of the infection. 
After control is established and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself, replication occurs quickly. 
Viral shedding. 
After a virus has made many copies of itself, it usually has exhausted the cell of its resources. 
The cell is now no longer useful to the virus, therefore it must find a new host. 
The process by which virus progeny are released to find new hosts, is called shedding. 
This is the final stage in the viral life cycle. 
Viral latency. 
Some viruses can hide within another cell, either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system, or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate. 
This hiding is deemed latency. 
During this time, the virus will not produce any progeny, it will remain inactive until external stimuli (such as light or stress) prompts it into activation. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:David_Haydu">
David Haydu. 
David Haydu is a Canadian radio personality under the name 'Geets Romo and a broadcast engineer. 
Haydu and Pete Griffin formed the comedy duo Pete & Geets, hosting a morning-drive radio show on CHUM-FM in Toronto in the early 1970s that was later revived between 1982-1987 on CFNY-FM. 
He was also CFNY's chief engineer from 1987 to 2001. In 2001, Haydu moved back to the CHUM Radio Group as lead technician for the shortlived sports radio network The Team. 
He is now director of engineering for the CHUM Radio Group. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Billy_Bennett">
Billy Bennett. 
William Robertson Russell Bennett DCM MM, better known as 'Billy Bennett, (1887 a June 30, 1942) was a British comedian who specialised in parodies of dramatic monologues and was billed as almost a gentleman. 
Life. 
Bennett's father, John Bennett, was the partner of Robert Martell in a music hall slapstick comedy act but Glasgow-born Billy chose not to follow him immediately onto the stage, instead enlisting in the army. 
After a brief start as a comedian, Bennett re-enlisted at the start of World War I, enjoying a distinguished career in the 16th Lancers and winning the Distinguished Conduct Medal, Military Medal and the Belgian Croix de guerre. 
Only in 1919 did he begin his stage career in earnest, appearing with Mark Lupino and in Fred Karno's army. 
Bennett's favourite act was to mock and parody the dramatic monologues of the turn of the century. 
Perhaps best known is The Green Tie on the Little Yellow Dog , his take on The Green Eye of the Yellow God . 
As of 1930, he adapted his act to radio, appearing with James Carew and Albert Whelan. 
He gave his final performance in Blackpool, just a few weeks before his death. 
Off-stage, Agate noted that his manner was quiet almost to shyness, keeping with his gentle and wholly nice mind. 
Legacy. 
Bennett was an important influence on comedians such as George Formby, Tommy Cooper, Ron Moody, Ken Dodd and Spike Milligan. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Sam_Jones_III">
Sam Jones III. 
Sam L. Jones III (born April 29, 1983) is an American actor. 
Jones was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of basketball player Sam Jones. 
He is best known for playing Pete Ross on the television series Smallville for the first three seasons, but left to film Glory Road . 
Jones has also appeared on the television shows The Practice , ER ,', and 7th Heaven . 
Most recently, he starred alongside former Cosby Show actress Raven-Symone in the 2006 Lifetime movie For One Night . 
He returned to Smallville in 2008 for the episode Hero . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Push_not_the_River">
Push not the River. 
'Push Not the River ' is a historical romance novel by author James Conroyd Martin. 
The setting takes place in Poland in the times leading up to and during the 1792 Partition of Poland. 
It is based of the unpublished diary of Countess Anna Maria Berezowska. 
Plot summary. 
The story starts when the 17 year old Anna's parents die. 
She moves in with Aunt Atella and Uncle Leo and her cousins Walter and Zofia, a very manipulative and promiscuous girl. 
Anna later meets Jan Stelnicki and falls in love almost instantly and remains obsessed with him for most of her life. 
Zofia, however, wanted Jan and out of her jealously she tricks Anna into coming into the forest with her where she abandons her. 
While there Anna is raped by a stranger and Leo goes to where Anna was raped, but he gets stuck and Zofia and Walter watch him die. 
Anna is married off shortly after her attack to Antoni and the rest of the family move to Warsaw. 
Now living in Warsaw, Anna's life changes drastically. 
The Constitution of May 3, 1791 is signed by King StanisBaw August Poniatowski, giving the peasants human rights. 
Many Polish nobles are enraged by the new laws, and call for Catherine the Great of Russia to deliver them. 
Anna discovers she is pregnant from being raped and gives birth to a son. 
It is revealed that it was Walter, who supports the Russians, was the one who raped Anna. 
Anna becomes a supporter of Polish independence, but is forced to watch as her country is overrun by hostile powers. 
As the victorious Russians march on Warsaw, Zofia sacrifices herself to buy time for Anna and her family to flee the war torn city. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Part_3">
Part 3. 'Part 3 ' was the fourth album released by KC and the Sunshine Band. 
The album contains the singles I 'm Your Boogie Man and (Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty . 
Track listing. 
All songs written by Harry Wayne Casey and Richard Finch. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Jean_Harris">
Jean Harris. 
Jean Harris (born Jean Struven in Cleveland, Ohio on April 27, 1923) was the headmistress of The Madeira School for girls in McLean, Virginia who made national news in 1980 as the defendant in a high-profile murder case of her ex-lover Dr. Herman Tarnower, a well-known cardiologist and author of the best-selling book The Complete Scarsdale Medical Diet . 
Jean Harris attended Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, where she graduated magna cum laude in May 1945 as an economics major. 
She subsequently married and had two sons. 
Life with Tarnower. 
Harris met Tarnower, a respected cardiologist, in 1965, about two years after her divorce, and they began a 14-year relationship. 
While he showered the cultivated Jean with gifts and took her on exotic vacations, Tarnower fancied himself as much a ladies' man as he was a doctor, and had other affairs during this period. 
He ultimately hired a younger woman named Lynne Tryforos to work as a secretary-receptionist at the Scarsdale Medical Center, and they began an affair which lasted several years. 
It became clear that, much to her distress, Jean Harris was in the process of being replaced by the younger woman. 
Harris had been prescribed multiple medications by Tarnower over the years to cope with her demanding role as headmistress of the Madeira School, as well as Tarnower's affair with his secretary. 
Events of March 10, 1980. The mounting tensions of the Harris/Tarnower affair came to a boiling point on March 10, 1980, when Jean drove from the Madeira School in McLean, Virginia to Tarnower's home in Purchase, New York, with a handgun in her possession. 
She later said she had planned to commit suicide after talking in person with Tarnower one last time. 
When she arrived at the house, however, she noticed Lynne Tryforos' lingerie in the bedroom. 
An argument ensued, and Herman Tarnower allegedly said to her, Jesus, Jean, you 're crazy! 
Get out of here! 
Harris shot Tarnower four times at close range, wounding him mortally. 
She was arrested and booked for second-degree murder. 
She pled not guilty, insisting that the shooting was an accident and that the gun had gone off accidentally while he tried to wrestle it away from her. 
Legal defense and trial. 
Harris was released on $40,000 bail raised by her brother and sisters and signed into the United Hospital of Port Chester for psychiatric evaluation and therapy. 
She then contracted the services of attorney Joel Aurnou to plan her defense. 
The case went to trial on November 21, 1980, and lasted 14 weeks, becoming one of the longest in state history. 
The New York press sensationalized the trial and made Harris a household name from coast to coast. 
The jury was ultimately unable to believe her testimony and convicted her of second-degree murder. 
Many legal experts wondered why Harris did not put forth a defense of extreme emotional disturbance, which could have resulted in a manslaughter conviction and a much shorter jail term. 
Harris has always maintained, however, that she had not intentionally killed Tarnower. 
Joel Aurnou would later state that he gave her other options, but she refused them. 
Judge Russell R. Leggett ordered her confined to the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility in Westchester County, New York, for the minimum of 15 years to life. 
Numerous appeals followed the conviction, but the higher courts determined that she had received a fair trial. 
Harrisa defense lawyer, Joel Aurnou, was heavily criticised for not sufficiently preparing his client for the trial. 
The jury wasnat offered the option of first-degree manslaughter -- the mercy option -- and the mental health professionals who tested and treated Harris werenat called to testify. 
Eleven years after Harris' conviction (during which she authored three books, taught a parenting class to inmates, and devoted much time to the nursery provided for babies born to inmates), Governor Mario Cuomo pardoned her on December 29, 1992, as she was being prepped for quadruple bypass heart surgery. 
She was released from prison and initially planned to live in a cabin in New Hampshire. 
She currently lives at the Whitney Center, an exclusive retirement center in Hamden, Connecticut. 
Literary and cinematic treatments. 
Harris' story was told by Diana Trilling in the 1982 book Mrs. Harris and by the journalist Shana Alexander in the 1983 book Very Much a Lady: The Untold Story of Jean Harris and Dr. Herman Tarnower . 
Harris' murder trial was depicted in the 1981 made-for-television movie, The People vs. Jean Harris . 
She was portrayed by Ellen Burstyn, who was nominated for an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award for the performance. 
Burstyn would later be nominated for another Emmy Award for a cameo role as one of Tarnower's former lovers in Mrs. Harris . 
In 2006, a made-for-TV movie depicting Jean Harris's story called Mrs. Harris starred Annette Bening, with Ben Kingsley opposite her as Herman Tarnower. 
Both Bening and Kingsley received Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for the film. 
The 'Scarsdale diet doctor murder' is referred to on the sitcom Seinfeld as the basis for the fictional musical 'Scarsdale Surprise'. 
Harris and Tarnower are referred to in Christine Lavin's song Cold Pizza for Breakfast . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Life_is_Easy_%28DVD%29">
Life is Easy (DVD). 
'Life Is Easy ' is the first DVD released by Sage Francis. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Democratic_Party_%28United_States%29_presidential_primaries%2C_2008">
Democratic Party (United States) presidential primaries, 2008. The 2008 Democratic primaries were the selection process by which members of the United States Democratic Party chose their candidate for the 2008 U. S. Presidential election. 
The Democratic candidate for President was selected through a series of primaries and caucuses culminating in the 2008 Democratic National Convention held from Monday, August 25, through Thursday, August 28, 2008, in Denver, Colorado. 
In order to secure the nomination at the convention, a candidate needed to receive at least 2,117 votes from delegates (a simple majority of the 4,233 delegate votes, bearing in mind half-votes from Democrats Abroad, Guam, American Samoa, and the U. S. Virgin Islands). 
Senator Barack Obama surpassed that total on June 3, 2008, becoming the apparent Democratic nominee. 
His last remaining opponent, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, conceded the nomination four days later. 
Obama was officially recognized as the Democratic Party nominee at the August convention. 
It was considered to be one of the most competitive and most exciting primary races in United States history. 
Delegate system. 
Delegates are the people who will decide the nomination at the Democratic National Convention. 
Delegates from forty-eight US states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico have a single vote each, while delegates from American Samoa, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Democrats Abroad, as well as the states of Florida and Michigan which contravened the schedule, have half a vote each. 
Thus, the total number of delegates is slightly higher than the total number of available delegate votes (4,049). 
now updated to 4,233 with FL-MI delegations Pledged delegates. 
Democratic candidates campaign for the nomination in a series of primary elections and caucus events. 
The results from these primaries and caucuses determine the number of 'pledged delegates committed to vote for each candidate at the Democratic National Convention. 
Pledged delegates are allocated to each of the fifty US states following two main criteria: (1) the proportion of votes each state gave to the Democratic candidate in the last three presidential elections, and (2) the percentage of votes each state has in the United States Electoral College. 
In addition, fixed numbers of delegates are allocated to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the U. S. Virgin Islands, and Democrats Abroad under the party's Delegate Selection Rules for the 2008 Democratic National Convention . 
Pledged delegates reflect the preferences of voters but are not actually legally bound to vote for the candidate they represent. 
However, since candidates may remove delegates who they feel may be disloyal, the delegates generally vote as pledged. 
In 2008, a total of 3,253 pledged delegate votes will be awarded through the primaries and caucuses. 
Superdelegates. 
There are currently a total of 824.5 unpledged delegates (known as superdelegates) who are free to vote for any candidate at the convention. 
Superdelegate votes are given equal weight to the votes of pledged delegates. 
Superdelegates are members of the United States House of Representatives and Senate, state and territorial governors, members of the Democratic National Committee, distinguished party leaders, and add-on delegates selected by the state parties. 
They represent almost 20 percent of the total 4,233 delegates. 
The number and composition of superdelegates can change right up to the start of the Democratic National Convention. 
The total number of superdelegate votes at the start of the primary season in October 2007 stood at 850. Various events such as deaths, elections, and disqualifications have brought the total to its current state. 
Further change is possible, given that in Maryland's 4th congressional district special election, 2008, on June 17, the Democrat is heavily favored to win a currently open seat. 
While officially uncommitted until the convention, the superdelegates may publicly endorse or commit to a candidate at any time. 
The presidential candidates compete heavily for these commitments. 
News organizations survey the superdelegates periodically throughout the election season and try to calculate how many have committed to each of the candidates. 
The media often include these superdelegate estimates in their reporting on the race, leading to differing delegate counts from various news sources. 
Delegate selection rules. 
Under the Democratic Party's Delegate Selection Rules for the 2008 Democratic National Convention , delegates are awarded by proportional representation, with a minimum 15 percent threshold required in order to receive delegates. 
Each state party is required to publish its own state level delegate selection plan, indicating how the state will select delegates at the congressional and statewide level, how the delegation will implement the party's affirmative action policy, and how the delegation will ensure an equal balance between women and men. 
Those plans were adopted at state conventions and forwarded to the national party in mid-2007. 
In most state caucuses, the viability threshold must be met at each level in the process, from the precinct level upwards. 
This puts enormous pressure on the remaining candidates to gain the support of voters whose chosen candidates fall below the 15 percent mark. 
The focus on viability is designed to weed out small, divisive factions from gaining delegates to disrupt the national convention. 
However, this can result in candidates gaining viability in some precincts but not in others, and a complicated caucus math is required to allocate delegates to the county and state conventions for each precinct. 
In the primaries, the viability threshold is set based on statewide and congressional district votes. 
At-large and PLEO (Party Leaders and Elected Officials) delegates are allocated based on statewide votes, while district-level delegates are allocated by district votes. 
Reporting delegate totals. 
There is no easy answer to the question, What's the current count? 
Each of the major news organizations keeps a count of delegate votes, while the campaigns keep their own numbers. 
Rarely do these totals coincide. 
Some online sources use an aggregate of sources, leading to even more confusion in delegate vote totals. 
The actual result may not be known until the votes are cast at the Democratic National Convention. 
There are several reasons for this discrepancy. 
First, some news sources include only pledged delegates in their total count, while others include superdelegates. 
Second, estimates of superdelegate votes are unreliable and are subject to change. 
Third, pledged delegates in many states are selected at county or state conventions late in the process; thus, the initial primary and caucus results provide only a projection of pledged delegates, highlighted by the discrepancies with the Iowa county convention results. 
Fourth, in the days after an election, results in individual precincts may be delayed, and news organizations may project the winners of those precincts based on statistical analysis or may wait for confirmed results. 
The Democratic nominating process is a complex system that has evolved over time, and in close races, it can be difficult under the current system to know who is leading in the delegate count. 
This article uses pledged delegate estimates from the respective Wikipedia articles of each state primary or caucus. 
Reliable sources appropriate to each state's individual process are found in those articles. 
The Not Yet Assigned columns in the tables below reflect pledged delegates that these sources have not yet allocated to any candidates. 
For superdelegate vote estimates, this article uses the Democratic Convention Watch blog. 
A on the blog also provides a comparison of the delegate totals from several different sources (CBS, CNN, NBC, Associated Press, and). 
Chronicle. 
Notes for the tables in this section: Early campaigning. 
The race for the 2008 presidential nomination began in earnest after the 2006 midterm elections. 
Between November 2006 and February 2007, eight major candidates opened their campaigns-Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton, Chris Dodd, John Edwards, Dennis Kucinich, Barack Obama, Bill Richardson, and Tom Vilsack-joining Mike Gravel, who had announced his candidacy in April 2006. Potential candidates John Kerry, Al Gore, Russ Feingold, Evan Bayh, Tom Daschle, Wesley Clark, Mark Warner, and Al Sharpton reportedly considered running but ultimately declined to seek the nomination. 
Vilsack dropped out in February 2007. In the first three months of 2007, Clinton and Obama raised more than $20 million each and Edwards raised more than $12 million. 
The three candidates quickly became the frontrunners for the nomination, a status they held all the way through the end of 2007. On November 21, Obama announced that Oprah Winfrey would be campaigning for him in the early primary states, setting off speculation that, although celebrity endorsements typically have little effect on voter opinions, Winfrey's participation would supply Obama with a large, receptive audience. 
As word spread that Oprah's first appearance would be in Iowa, polls released in early December revealed Obama taking the lead in that decisive state. 
Then, on December 8, Oprah kicked-off a three-state tour supporting Obama's campaign, where she drew record-setting crowds in Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina, and was described as more cogent, more effective, more convincing than anyone on the campaign trail.. 
The Oprah-Obama tour dominated political news headlines and cast doubts over Clinton's ability to recover her recently-lost lead in Iowa caucus polls. 
A poll released less than two weeks after Winfrey campaigned found Obama achieving more popularity in Iowa than ever before recorded. 
Two economists would later estimate that Winfrey's endorsement added more than one million votes to Obama's total in the Democratic primaries, and that without it, Clinton would have received more votes. 
At the end of the year, December 31, Clinton held a substantial lead in superdelegates, and she was leading in the national polls with 42 % of likely voters, over Obama, 23 %, and Edwards, 16 %. 
However, Edwards and Obama remained close in state polls for the early contests, including the Iowa caucuses, where the final polling average had Obama leading narrowly, 31 %, over Clinton, 30 %, Edwards, 26 %, Biden, 5 %, and Richardson, 5 %. 
January 2008. Following tradition, the 2008 primary calendar began with the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire primary. 
The Nevada caucus and the South Carolina primary were the third and fourth contests sanctioned by the Democratic National Committee. 
Under the national committee's rules, no state was allowed to hold primaries or caucuses before February 5 with the exceptions of these four states. 
Michigan and Florida also held early primaries, but as the contests were unsanctioned, the results were not recognized by the national committee until a political compromise was reached four months later. 
The following table shows the pledged delegate votes awarded in the first four contests recognized by the DNC. 
Obama won the Iowa caucuses with 38 % of the vote, over Edwards, 30 %, and Clinton, 29 %. 
His victory brought him to national prominence as many voters tuned in to the race for the first time. 
In a speech that evening, he defined change as the primary theme of his campaign and said, On this January night, at this defining moment in history, you have done what the cynics said we could n't do. 
The delegate count was virtually tied, but Clinton's surprising third-place finish in the popular vote damaged her image as the inevitable nominee. 
The following day, reports described panic among some Clinton donors, and rumors of a staff shake-up began to circulate. 
Biden and Dodd withdrew from the race. 
After Obama's upset win in Iowa, it appeared to many political observers that he would ride a wave of momentum through the New Hampshire primaries and then onward to win the Democratic nomination. 
Eulogies were published on the Clinton campaign, as Obama surged to a roughly 10-point lead in the New Hampshire polls. 
However, the race turned quickly in the days before the primary, and the polls were slow to register a reversal toward Clinton. 
On January 5, Edwards sided with Obama against Clinton in a televised debate. 
In one noted exchange, Edwards said that Clinton could not bring about change, while he and Obama could: Any time you speak out powerfully for change, the forces for status quo attack. 
Clinton passionately retorted, Making change is not about what you believe; it's not about a speech you make. 
It's about working hard. 
I 'm not just running on a promise for change. 
I 'm running on 35 years of change. 
What we need is somebody who can deliver change. 
We do n't need to be raising false hopes. 
It came to be seen as the defining statement for her candidacy. 
The morning before the primary, Clinton became visibly emotional in response to a friendly question from a voter. 
Video of the moment was replayed on cable news television throughout the day, accompanied by pundit commentary that ranged from sympathetic to callous in tone. 
Voters rallied to Clinton's defense, and she won a surprising three-percent victory over Obama in the popular vote. 
They tied in the delegate count. 
Richardson withdrew from the race on January 10. Momentum shifted in Clinton's favor, and she won the popular vote in the Nevada caucuses eleven days later, despite Obama's endorsement from the influential Culinary Workers Union. 
However, Obama ran strongly in rural areas throughout the state and beat Clinton in the delegate count. 
Edwards's support collapsed in Nevada, as voters coalesced around the two apparent frontrunners. 
Dennis Kucinich withdrew from the race. 
In the following week, issues of race came to the fore as campaigning began for the South Carolina primary, the first to feature a large proportion of African Americans in the Democratic electorate. 
Behind in the state polls, Hillary Clinton left to campaign in some Super Tuesday states, while her husband, former president Bill Clinton, stayed in South Carolina and engaged in a series of exchanges with Obama. 
CBS News reported, By injecting himself into the Democratic primary campaign with a series of inflammatory and negative statements, Bill Clinton may have helped his wife's presidential hopes in the long term but at the cost of his reputation with a group of voters African Americans that have long been one of his strongest bases of political support. 
Obama won by a more than two-to-one margin over Clinton, gaining 55 % of the vote to her 27 % and Edwards's 18 %. 
The day of the primary, Bill Clinton compared Obama's expected win to Jesse Jackson's victory in the 1988 South Carolina primary. 
His comments were widely criticized as an apparent attempt to dismiss the primary results and marginalize Obama by implying that he was the black candidate. 
The momentum generated by Obama's larger-than-expected win in South Carolina was n't deflated somewhat by the win Clinton claimed in the nullified Florida primary the following week. 
John Edwards suspended his candidacy on January 30. He did not immediately endorse either Clinton or Obama, but said they both had pledged to carry forward his central campaign theme of ending poverty in America. 
Neither Clinton nor Obama had a clear advantage heading into the Super Tuesday primaries, with 23 states and territories and 1,681 delegates at stake and more media attention than any primary election day in American history. 
Disputed primaries. 
In August 2006, the Democratic National Committee adopted a proposal by its Rules and Bylaws Committee stating that only the four states of Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina would be permitted to hold primaries or caucuses before February 5, 2008. In May 2007, the Florida Legislature passed a bill that moved the date of the state's primary to January 29, 2008, setting up a confrontation with the DNC. 
In response, the DNC ruled that Florida's 185pledged delegates and 26superdelegates would not be seated at the Democratic National Convention, or, if seated, would not be able to vote. 
In October 2007, Democrats from Florida's congressional delegation filed a federal lawsuit against the DNC to force a recognition of its delegates, but the suit was unsuccessful. 
The presidential candidates promised not to campaign in Florida. 
Meanwhile, Michigan moved its primary to January 15, 2008, also in violation of party rules. 
In October 2007, Obama, Richardson, Biden, and Edwards withdrew their names from the Michigan primary ballot, under pressure from the DNC and voters in Iowa and New Hampshire. 
Kucinich unsuccessfully sought to remove his name from the ballot, whereas Clinton and Dodd opted to remain on the ballot. 
In December 2007, the DNC ruled that Michigan's 128pledged delegates and 29superdelegates would not count in the nominating contest unless it were held on a later date. 
The Michigan Democratic party responded with a press release noting that the primary would proceed with Clinton, Dodd, Gravel, and Kucinich on the ballot. 
Supporters of Biden, Edwards, Richardson, and Obama were urged to vote uncommitted instead of writing in their candidates' names because write-in votes for those candidates would not be counted. 
None of the top candidates campaigned in Florida or Michigan. 
The events were described in the media as beauty contests, and voter turnout in both states was relatively low when compared with record-high turnout in other states. 
Nevertheless, Clinton claimed wins in Florida and Michigan, and she flew to Fort Lauderdale on the night of the Florida election to thank supporters for what she called a tremendous victory. 
As the primaries continued, various groups tried to negotiate a resolution to the standoff between the DNC and the state parties. 
The Clinton campaign advocated first for the results to stand and then for a new round of voting to take place in Michigan and Florida, while the Obama campaign deferred the matter to the DNC, while expressing a wish that the delegations be seated in some form. 
On all sides, Democrats worried that a failure to resolve the problem could lead to a rules or credential fight at the convention and low Democratic turnout in the general election in November. 
On May 31, 2008, the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee voted unanimously (27-0) to restore half-votes to all the Florida Delegates, including superdelegates. 
The Michigan delegates were also given half-votes, with 69 delegates pledged to Hillary Clinton and 59 to Barack Obama; this proposed change passing by 19-8. 
Super Tuesday. 
Traditionally, the Tuesday on which the greatest number of states hold primary elections is known as Super Tuesday. 
In 2007, many states moved their primaries or caucuses early in the calendar to have greater influence over the race. 
As February 5 was the earliest date allowed by the Democratic National Committee, 23 states and territories moved their elections to that date. 
This year's Super Tuesday became the date of the nation's first quasi-national primary. 
It was dubbed Super Duper Tuesday or Tsunami Tuesday, among other names. 
After Obama's win in South Carolina on January 26, he received high-profile endorsements from Caroline Kennedy, daughter of former President John F. Kennedy, as well as Senator Ted Kennedy, the former President's brother. 
Ted Kennedy's endorsement was considered the biggest Democratic endorsement Obama could possibly get short of Bill Clinton or Al Gore. 
On January 31, Obama and Clinton met for the first time in a one-on-one debate, and they struck a friendly tone, seeking to put the racially charged comments of the previous week behind them. 
Obama surged nationally in the polls and held campaign rallies that drew audiences of more than 15,000 people in several states. 
A total of 1,681 pledged delegate votes were at stake in the states that voted on February 5. The following table shows the pledged delegate votes awarded in the Super Tuesday states. 
On election night, both Obama and Clinton claimed victories. 
In the popular vote, Obama won 13 states and territories to Clinton's 10, including states like Idaho and Georgia where he won by very wide margins. 
His wins in Connecticut and Missouri were considered upsets. 
However, Clinton won the large electoral prizes of California and Massachusetts, where some analysts had expected the Kennedy endorsements might carry Obama to victory. 
Although Obama gained significant ground from where he was polling in mid-January, it was not enough to close the gap in those states. 
In exit polls, Obama gained the overwhelming support of African American voters, and he strengthened his base among college-educated voters and voters younger than 45. Clinton found significant support among white women, Latinos, and voters over the age of 65. Obama ran strongest in caucus states, Rocky Mountain states, the South and the Midwest. 
Clinton ran strongest in the Northeast, the Southwest, and the states adjacent to Arkansas, where she served as first lady. 
When the delegate counting was finished, Obama won an estimated 847 pledged delegates to Clinton's 834. Early in the primary season, many observers had predicted that the nomination would be over after Super Tuesday, but the general verdict on election night was that the candidates had drawn to a virtual tie and that the race for the Democratic presidential nomination would not likely be settled for a month, at least. 
Mid-February contests. 
In the following week, it became clear that a tie on Super Tuesday left Obama better positioned for the upcoming contests in February, where the demographics of several large states seemed to favor him. 
The day after Super Tuesday, February 6, Clinton announced that she had personally loaned her campaign $5 million in January. 
The news came as a surprise and set off another round of news stories about Clinton donors and supporters concerned about the campaign's strategy. 
It was particularly striking in contrast to Obama's announcement that he had raised a record-high $32 million in January, tapping 170,000 new contributors. 
It became clear that Obama's financial advantage had allowed him to organize and compete in a broader set of states on Super Tuesday, an advantage which was likely to continue in the coming weeks and months. 
Clinton's supporters responded by raising $6 million online in 36 hours, but Obama's campaign upped the ante, announcing their own total of $7.5 million in 36 hours and starting a new goal of reaching 500,000 new contributors in 2008 by the end of February. 
As expected, Obama swept the three nominating events on February 9, which were thought to favor him based on the results in similar states that had voted previously. 
He then scored a convincing win in Maine, where Clinton had hoped to hold her ground. 
The same day, Clinton's campaign announced the resignation of campaign advisor Patti Solis Doyle. 
Obama's momentum carried through the following week, as he scored large delegate gains in the Potomac Primaries, taking the lead in the nationwide popular vote, even under the projection most favorable to Clinton, with Florida and Michigan included. 
NBC News declared him Mr. Frontrunner on February 13. Clinton attempted a comeback win in the demographically more favorable state of Wisconsin, but Obama won again by a larger margin than expected. 
In a span of 11 days, he swept 11 contests and extended his pledged delegate lead by 120. At the end of the month, Obama had 1,192 pledged delegates to Clinton's 1,035. 
He also began to close the gap in superdelegates, although Clinton still led among superdelegates, 240 to 191. Clinton's campaign tried to downplay the results of the February contests, and the candidate refused to acknowledge the losses in her speeches on election nights. 
Her advisers acknowledged that she would need big wins in the upcoming states to turn the race around. 
March. 
With four states and 370 delegates at stake, March 4 was dubbed Mini-Super Tuesday or Super Tuesday 2.0. 
Just as Obama had been favored in the mid-February states, Clinton was favored in Ohio, with its high proportion of working-class white voters and older voters, and Texas, with its high proportion of Latino voters. 
Exit polls in previous states showed that all three groups were a part of Clinton's base. 
In mid-February, Clinton held a 10-point lead in Texas and a 20-point lead in Ohio in RealClearPolitics polling averages. 
The Clinton campaign set its sights on the Ohio-Texas firewall, counting on a clear March 4 win to change the narrative and turn around her campaign for the nomination. 
Meanwhile, Obama hoped to score a win in one or both states that might be enough to knock Clinton out of the race. 
By February 25, they were in a statistical dead heat in Texas, according to a CNN poll. 
In the last week of February, Clinton's campaign seemed to be back on its feet. 
A Saturday Night Live sketch mocked the media for its supposedly biased coverage in favor of Obama, and Clinton used the sketch to argue that Obama had not received proper scrutiny. 
The media responded by taking a more critical look at Obama's campaign. 
Meanwhile, Obama supporter and former fundraiser Tony Rezko went on trial in a political corruption case in Chicago. 
While Obama was not implicated, questions remained about how forthcoming he had been about his relationship with Rezko. 
Controversy also erupted when it was reported in the Canadian press that Obama economic advisor Austan Goolsbee had privately offered assurances that Obama's anti-North American Free Trade Agreement rhetoric on the campaign trail was exaggerated. 
Obama's campaign denied the substance of the report, but their response was muddled by a series of missteps and may have hurt the candidate's standing with Ohio voters. 
Clinton launched a five-point attack on Obama's qualifications, unleashing what one Clinton aide called a 'kitchen sink' fusillade, according to The New York Times . 
Perhaps the most damaging component was a campaign ad that aired in Texas, using the imagery of the White House red phone to suggest that Obama would not be prepared to handle a crisis as commander-in-chief when a phone call comes in to the White House at 3 a. m. The ad drew significant media attention in the four days before the election. 
On election night, Clinton scored convincing wins in Ohio and Rhode Island. 
She narrowly won the Texas primary, while losing the Texas caucus. 
She pitched her wins that night as a comeback: For everyone here in Ohio and across America who's ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out, and for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up, and for everyone who works hard and never gives up, this one is for you. 
Obama focused on the delegate math. 
He won the total delegate count in Texas, and he stayed close to Clinton on the delegate count in Ohio. 
No matter what happens tonight, he said, we have nearly the same delegate lead that we did this morning, and we are on our way to winning this nomination. 
In fact, March 4 was the first election day in which Clinton won more delegates than Obama (though the Florida and Michigan primaries would later be honored by seating half of the states' delegations). 
After winning contests in Wyoming and Mississippi the following week, Obama erased Clinton's March 4 gains. 
On March 15, he increased his lead by 10 delegates at the Iowa county conventions, when former supporters of withdrawn candidates switched their support to him. 
After the March contests, the Democratic race entered a six-week period with no upcoming contests until April 22. As the campaigns settled in for the long haul, advisors for both candidates escalated their rhetoric and stepped up attacks in their daily conference calls. 
News reports described the tenor as increasingly rancorous and vitriolic. 
On March 14, clips of controversial sermons from Obama's former pastor, Jeremiah Wright, resurfaced on YouTube and received heavy airtime on cable news television. 
Among other things, Wright said, God damn America for treating our citizens as less than human. 
God damn America for as long as she acts like she is God and she is supreme. 
Four days later, Obama responded to the controversy in a 37-minute speech, speaking openly about race and religion in the United States. 
He denounced Wright's remarks while refusing to condemn the pastor himself, and he attempted to pivot from the immediate circumstances to address the larger theme of A More Perfect Union. 
The speech was regarded as breathtakingly unconventional in its political strategy and tone, and it received generally positive reviews in the press. 
The New York Times weighed in with an editorial: Senator Barack Obama, who has not faced such tests of character this year, faced one on Tuesday. 
It is hard to imagine how he could have handled it better. 
Ten days later, the speech had been watched at least 3.4 million times on YouTube. 
On March 21, former primary candidate Bill Richardson, who has previously held important posts in the Clinton Administration, endorsed Barack Obama, a move that drew intense criticism from Clinton allies, including James Carville's Eastertime comparison of Richardson with Judas Iscariot. 
On March 25, Mike Gravel announced that he would leave the Democrats and join the Libertarian Party, entering the race for the 2008 Libertarian presidential nomination the following day. 
April and beyond. 
As the race continued to Pennsylvania, Indiana, and North Carolina, many observers concluded that Clinton had little chance to overcome Obama's lead in pledged delegates. 
Even if she were to succeed changing the dynamics of the race, there would not be enough pledged delegates remaining for her to catch up under most realistic scenarios. 
Some analysts believed Clinton could still win the nomination by raising doubts about Obama's electability, fighting for Michigan and Florida delegates to be seated at the convention, and convincing superdelegates to support her despite her expected loss in the pledged delegate vote. 
However, the window of opportunity for re-votes in Michigan and Florida appeared to close in late March, and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, chair of the Democratic National Convention, said that it would be harmful to the party if superdelegates were to overturn the result of the pledged delegate vote. 
Complicating the equation for Democrats, presidential candidate John McCain clinched the Republican nomination on March 4. With Obama and Clinton engaged in the Democratic primary, McCain was free to define his candidacy for the general election largely unchallenged. 
Some Democrats expressed concern that Clinton stayed in the campaign through March and April, when they felt she had little chance to win the nomination, but a much greater chance to damage Obama's candidacy in the general election. 
However, others defended Clinton's right to continue on, arguing that a sustained campaign was good for the Democratic Party and that Clinton still had a realistic shot at the nomination. 
On April 22, Clinton scored a convincing win in Pennsylvania. 
However, on May 6, Obama surprised many observers by winning North Carolina by almost 15 percentage points, effectively erasing Clinton's gains in Pennsylvania. 
Clinton won by only 1 point in Indiana. 
With Obama now leading by 164 pledged delegates and with only 217 pledged delegates left to be decided in the remaining contests, many pundits declared that the primary was effectively over. 
Obama gave an election night speech that looked forward to the general election campaign against McCain. 
The pace of superdelegate endorsements increased. 
On May 10, Obama's superdelegate total surpassed Clinton's for the first time in the race, making the math increasingly difficult for a Clinton win. 
Clinton vowed to continue campaigning, and won convincingly in primaries in West Virginia on May 13th, and Kentucky on May 20th where Appalachian voters strongly preferred her over Sen. Obama. 
However Senator Obama was able to clear a victory in Oregon on May 20, which allowed him to clinched the majority of pledged delegates. 
Obama gave his victory speech in Des Moines, Iowa, the state which propelled his candidacy which he stated The road here has been long, there have been bumps along the way. 
I have made some mistakes, but also it's partly because we 've traveled this road with one of the most formidable candidates to ever run for this office. 
Now, some may see the millions upon millions of votes cast for each of us as evidence that our party is divided, but I see it as proof that we have never been more energized and united in our desire to take this country in a new direction. 
Clinton advisers said they would appeal to the DNC's Rules & Bylaws Committee to have the Michigan and Florida delegations seated. 
However, even under the most favorable seating arrangement, she would not have been able to take a lead in pledged delegates and would have had to rely on superdelegates to win the nomination. 
On May 31, the rules committee accepted the Michigan state party's 69-59 distribution of pledged delegates and restored half votes to Florida's and Michigan's delegations. 
This resulted in a net gain for Clinton of 24 pledged delegates. 
Obama remained significantly ahead, with a lead of 137 pledged delegates before the Puerto Rico primary on June 1. On June 3, the day of the final primaries in South Dakota and Montana, Obama rolled out about sixty superdelegate endorsements. 
Those endorsements, together with the pledged delegates awarded in the final primaries, put him well over the magic number of 2,117 delegate votes necessary for a majority at the Democratic National Convention. 
By early in the evening, all major news organizations had announced that Obama had clinched the Democratic nomination, and Obama claimed the status of presumptive nominee in a speech in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
Clinton did not concede the nomination in her election night speech, saying that she would be making no decisions tonight . 
On the morning of June 5, Clinton posted on her website an open letter to her supporters which had also been sent by email that day. 
It announced that on Saturday (June 7) Clinton would endorse Obama's candidacy. 
During a well received concession speech in Washington DC on Saturday June 7 Clinton endorsed Obama in the following terms: The way to continue our fight now, to accomplish the goals for which we stand is to take our energy, our passion, our strength, and do all we can to help elect Barack Obama, the next president of the United States. 
Today, as I suspend my campaign, I congratulate him on the victory he has won and the extraordinary race he has run. 
I endorse him and throw my full support behind him. 
Voter turnout. 
Voter turnout was at historically high levels in the 2008 primaries and caucuses, with many contests setting all-time records for turnout. 
Voter turnout on Super Tuesday was at 27 % of eligible citizens, breaking the previous record of 25.9 % set in 1972. Turnout was higher among Democrats than Republicans, with Democratic turnout surpassing Republican turnout even in traditionally red states where the number of registered Democrats is proportionally low. 
Many states reported high levels of Democratic voter registration in the weeks before primaries. 
From January 3 through February 5, Democratic turnout exceeded Republican turnout, 19.1 million to 13.1 million. 
The high Democratic turnout was attributed to several factors: 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Jaipur">
Jaipur. 
Jaipur (), also popularly known as the Pink City , is the capital of Rajasthan state, India. 
Historically rendered as Jeypore, Jaipur is the former capital of the princely state of Jaipur. 
Founded in 1727 by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh, the ruler of Amber, the city today has a population of more than 5 million residents. 
'His Highness Sawai Bhawani Singh Bahadur (born 1931) is the current titular 'Maharaja of Jaipur The city is remarkable among pre-modern Indian cities for the width and regularity of its streets which are laid out into six sectors separated by broad streets 111 ft (34 m) wide. 
The urban quarters are further divided by networks of gridded streets. 
Five quarters wrap around the east, south, and west sides of a central palace quarter, with a sixth quarter immediately to the east. 
The Palace quarter encloses a sprawling palace complex (the Hawa Mahal, or palace of winds), formal gardens, and a small lake. 
Nahargarh Fort crowns the hill in the northwest corner of the old city. 
Another noteworthy building is Sawai Jai Singh's observatory, Jantar Mantar. 
History. 
Jaipur, the pink city was founded in 1727 by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II, a Kachwaha Rajput, who ruled from 1699-1744. 
Initially his capital was Amber (city), which lies at a distance of 11km from Jaipur. 
He felt the need of shifting his capital city with the increase in population and growing scarcity of water. 
Jaipur is the first planned city of India and the King took great interest while designing this city of victory. 
He consulted several books on architecture and architects before making the lay out of Jaipur. 
After several battles with Marathas, Jai Singh was keen on the security aspect of the city. 
Due to this reason, he focused on his scientific and cultural interests to make a brilliant city. 
Being, a lover of mathematics and science, Jai Singh sought advice from Vidyadhar Bhattacharya, a Brahmin scholar of Bengal, to aid him design the city architecture. 
Vidyadhar referred the ancient Indian literature on astronomy, books of Ptolemy and Euclid, and discussed the plan with the King. 
With a strategic plan, the construction of the city started in 1727. It took around 4 years to complete the major palaces, roads and square. 
The city was built following the principles of Shilpa Shastra, the Indian Architecture. 
The city was divided into nine blocks, out of which two consist the state buildings and palaces, whereas the remaining seven blocks were allotted to the public. 
In order to ensure the security, huge fortification walls were made along with seven strong gates. 
According to that time, architecture of the town was very advanced and certainly the best in Indian subcontinent. 
In 1853, when the Prince of Wales visited Jaipur, the whole city was painted pink to welcome him. 
Today, the neat and broadly laid-out avenues, painted in pink provide a magical charm to the city. 
Jaipur is rich in its cultural and architectural beauty, which can be traced in the various historical and aesthetic places that reside in the city. 
This city of victory really wins the hearts of the people with its splendid charisma. 
In the 19th century the city grew rapidly and became prosperous; by 1900 it had a population of 160,000. 
The city's wide boulevards were paved and lit with gas. 
The city had several hospitals. 
Its chief industries were in metals and marble, fostered by a school of art founded in 1868. The city also had three colleges, including a Sanskrit college (1865) and a girls' school (1867) initiated under the reign of the enigmatic Maharaja Sawai Ram Singh II. 
There was also a wealthy and enterprising community of native bankers, particularly the Jains and the Marwaris. 
Architecture. 
Jaipur is considered by many urbanisms to be one of the best planned cities. 
It has been claimed to be the first planned city in India. 
It was at that time one of the best planned cities in Asia. 
Jaipur's kings are not considered to be good rajputs but were certainly good rulers. 
In an era when most of the rajputs were busy fighting with each other, Jaipur's kings diplomatically broadened their control sphere maintaining good relations with the Mughals. 
The city was planned according to Indian Vastu Shastra (Vedic or Pouranic Planning for the comfort and prosperity of the citizens). 
The directions of each street and market are east to West and North to South. 
The Eastern gate is called Suraj (Sun) Pol, while the Western gate is called Chand (Moon) Pol. 
There are only three gates facing East, west, and North including the Northern gate (known as Zorawar Singh gate) which faces toward the ancestral capital of Amber, while many gates face South. 
Although the present city has expanded from outside of its walls, the original planning was within the walls. 
The gates used to be closed at sunset and opened at sunrise. 
Almost all Northern Indian towns of that period presented a chaotic picture of narrow twisting lanes, a confusion of run-down forts, temples, palaces, and temporary shacks that bore no resemblance at all to the principles set out in Hindu architectural manuals which call for strict geometric planning. 
Thus, for Sawai Jai Singh II and the Bengali Guru Vidyadhar (who was a 'Shaspati' - Hindu Priest Architect), the founding of Jaipur was also a ritual and a bronze opportunity to plan a whole town according to the principles of Hindu architectural theory. 
The town of Jaipur is built in the form of a eight-part Mandala known as the 'Pithapada'. 
Nine signifies the nine planets of the ancient astrological zodiac. 
It is also known that Sawai Jai Singh II was a great astronomer and a town planner, and hence the 'Pithapada'. 
Also, the commercial shops are designed in multiples of nine (27), having one cross street for a planet. 
Geography and Climate. 
Jaipur is located at. 
It has an average elevation of 432metres (1417ft). 
The district is situated in the eastern part of Rajasthan. 
It is bound in the north by Sikar and Alwar, in South by Tonk, Ajmer and Sawai Madhopur. 
Nagaur, Sikar and Ajmer in the west and in east by Bharatpur and Dausa districts. 
The major rivers passing through the Jaipur district are Banas and Banganga. 
Ground water resources to the extent of about 28.65 million cubic meter are available in the district. 
Although serious drought is rare, poor water management and exploitation of groundwater with extensive tube-well systems threatens agriculture in some areas. 
Jaipur has a semi-arid climate. 
Although it receives over 50cm (20 in) of rainfall annually the rainfall is concentrated in the monsoon months between June and September. 
Temperatures remain relatively high throughout the year, with the summer months of April to early July having average daily temperatures of around 30oC. 
During the monsoon months there are frequent, heavy rains and thunderstorms, but flooding is not common. 
The winter months of November to February are mild and pleasant, with average temperatures in the 15-18oC range and little or no humidity. 
There are however occasional cold waves that lead to temperatures near freezing. 
Maharaja Of Jaipur. 
His Highness Sawai Bhawani Singh Bahadur (born 1931) is the current titular 'Maharaja of Jaipur and head of the Kachwaha clan of Rajputs. 
The Maharaja is considered a political, cultural, and religious icon in modern Rajasthan, as well as a military official. 
He is styled 'His Highness, The Maharaja of Jaipur. 
He adopted his grandson, Kumar Padmanabh Singh, and made him the heir to the throne of Jaipur. 
In the same vein as his father, the first hotelier prince in India, Sawai continues to run many palaces as hotels, including the Rambagh Palace, Raj Mahal palace, or other former royal residences. 
Sawai still conducts certain ceremonies and customs from the traditional seat of royal power, the sprawling 'The City Palace. 
He is also involved in local politics, like his stepmother, Gayatri Devi of Cooch Behar. 
Politics. 
Jaipur has been a stronghold of the opposition Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP). 
The Indian National Congress has won only two of 14 parliament elections. 
Bhairon Singh Shekhawat has also has been elected MLA for Jaipur three times. 
Infrastructure. 
In a recent international survey Jaipur was ranked the 7th best place to visit in Asia and in another poll it was ranked third among twelve major Indian cities. 
Modern infrastructural facilities are developing fast, and in many cases surpass those of larger cities like Delhi and Calcutta. 
The city is expanding very quickly and has become a hot spot for development in Rajasthan. 
Jaipur International Airport is located at a satellite location of Sanganer and offer's flights to Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Kolkata and Guwahati along with sproadic services to International locations such as Dubai. 
Since 2000 Jaipur has become a centre for education. 
The city is very peaceful and many north Indian families prefer to send their offspring to Jaipur for higher and technical education. 
Jaipur has more than 40 engineering colleges, 40 business management institutes, 15 pharmacy institutes, 4 hotel management institutes, 3 medical colleges and 6 dental colleges. 
It also has 8 universities including Rajasthan University. 
Malaviya National Institute of Technology, Jaipur is one of the best technical institutes in India. 
Jaipur has a well maintained road network with multi-story flyovers and traffic lights with closed circuit cameras. 
Police control room (PCR) vans are being equipped with GPS to monitor locations and help maintain law and order. 
Jaipur boasts of International Living standards with well planned colonies of grid like patterns (sectors and blocks) and parks well maintained by JDA. 
Mansarovar housing colony is the largest housing colony in Asia. 
Two new colonies Anupam vihar and Abhinav vihar have been recently added to Jaipur by JDA. 
There are so many shopping malls and Multiplex which offer a urban lifestyle to Jaipurites. 
SMS Criket stadium is also located here, which is a popular venue for many international matches and for Indian Premier League matches. 
Events like Jaipur Jewelry Show and Jaipur Literature Festival are offering a common platform for people not only from India but from other countries also, giving Jaipur a cosmopolitan image. 
Road. 
The city of Jaipur is the capital of the state of Rajasthan and is centrally located. 
National Highway No.8 links Delhi to Mumbai, and No.11 links Bikaner to Agra, passing through Jaipur district with a total length of 366km. 
The total length of different types of roads in the district was approximately 4,102km at March 2000. Rail. 
Jaipur is well connected by rail to all of the major cities and towns of India. 
Jaipur is on the broad-gauge and meter gauge network of the Indian Railways and has direct trains on the broad gauge network to cities like Agra, Delhi, Gwalior, Mumbai, Howrah, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mysore, Bangalore, Lucknow, Kanpur, Patna etc. across the country and to major cities in Rajasthan such as Ajmer, Sawai Madhopur, Kota, Jodhpur, Bikaner and Udaipur. 
Jaipur is connected with metre gauge rail route with Sri Ganganagar, Churu, Sikar. 
Jaipur is also connected with major centres of neighbouring states such as Agra (Uttar Pradesh), Ahmedabad (Gujarat) and Delhi through the broad gauge network. 
The Palace on Wheels makes a scheduled stop in Jaipur. 
Air. 
Jaipur's Jaipur International Airport is situated in its satellite town of Sanganer and offers sporadic service to Muscat, Sharjah, Bangkok and Dubai. 
Jaipur also has well connected domestic air links with Jodhpur, Udaipur, Aurangabad, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Goa, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Indore, Bangalore, Mumbai, Surat and Raipur, Lucknow, Gorakhpur. 
Economy. 
No. of large and medium scale running units: 48 No. of small scale units: 19,544 No. of industrial areas: 19 (Bagru, Bassi, Bais Godam, Bindyaka, Dudu, Hirawala, Jetpura, Jhotwara, Kaladera, Kanakpura, Kartarpura, Malviya Nagar, Phulera, Renwal, Sanganer, Shahpura, Sitapura, Sudarshanpur and Vishwakarma) Jaipur district is a centre for both modern and traditional industries. 
The main industrial products include: acetylene gas, ACSR (Aluminum Conductor Steel Reinforced) cable, all-purpose flour (maida), atta flour, ball bearings, bottling of LPG, ceramics, pottery, cold roll strips, corrugated boxes, deoiled cakes, durries, dyeing and printing, edible oil, electronic items, engraving on brass items, ferrous and non-ferrous castings, gems and jewelry, general engineering and manufacturing, granite slabs and tiles, hand-made paper, handicraft items, halogen automobile headlamps, hawai chappals (sandals) 
Jaipur has been ranked 31 among the 50 Emerging Global Outsourcing cities. 
Genpact and Infosys have their BPO already established and running successfully. 
Infact Genpact has the fastest growing location in Jaipur. 
Real Estate business is flourishing well from last 2-3 years. 
Some of the companies already present here include MICO, Coca Cola, IBM, Ericsson and NEI populary known as NBC Bearings. 
Jaipur also has Reserve bank of India and many other prominent international banks. 
India's largest integrated IT SEZ Mahindra World City is located in jaipur. 
Master planned by Jurong Constructions Singapore it covers nearly of land off Ajmer highway and has already attracted major companies like Infosys, TCS, Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Truworth and Deutsche Bank. 
India's one of its kind World Trade Park is also under contruction in Malaviya Nagar. 
It will be be having luxury hotel, business halls, five screen multiplex, underwater restaurant and many showrooms of international brands. 
In coming years it will be the hub for modern business development in jaipur. 
Jaipur is soon planned to have an International Convention Centre and a Golf course. 
A film city near Agra highway is also in the pipeline Tourism is a significant part of jaipur's economy. 
Some of the world's best hotels are located here. 
Demographics. 
As of 2001 India census, Jaipur had a population of 2,324,319. 
Males constitute 53 % of the population and females 47 %. 
In Jaipur, 15 % of the population is under 6 years of age. 
Culture. 
Jaipur has a rich culture for which it is well known. 
Tamasha. 
Jaipur Tamasha, a unique musical folk play, is a 19th century contribution by Jaipur to the folk theatre of Rajasthan. 
At the outset of the 18th century, in the peripherals of Agra, between two groups originated and developed a poetic dialogue. 
This later on came to be known as aKhayal-Tamashaa during the reign of Aurangzeb, when musical art was becoming doomed, the contemporary emperor of Jaipur, Maharaja Sawai Jaisingh brought a few artists to Jaipur and settled them in Brahmpuri. 
The foremost among them was the Bhatt Family of Jaipur. 
Here in under the proximity of the chief of the Bhatt family, Shri Banshidhar Bhatt, Tamasha style developed a specific form. 
This was a musical based folk dramatic form, which had an explicit composition of music acting and dance. 
The Tamasha form with its music comprising classical, semi classical and folk melody, replete with acting and dancing is being performed from the last 250 years in the open theatre called aAkharaa at Brahampuri in Jaipur with a unique style of presentation. 
It is performed mainly on the dayas purrourding the festival Holi, on the days of Holi on the following Amaveasya and on Ramnavmi. 
A like the aAagan Theatrea the audience sit in a circle and the Tamasha actors perform in the centre with the singers, performers and musicians accompanied by their instruments the Tamasha begins with a aLahariyaa there begins a special dancing performance upon a contemporary rhythm which moves from show to fast and reaches its perfection. 
This is followed by the duly performed aGanesh Vandnaa after Ganesh Vandna the main actor of Tamasha introduces himself as the anchor to the audiences and the performance continues with its dialogue and songs, in this way the musical tamasha with its acting of skills, dancing performance and music reaches its perfection. 
the basic of the narrative of Tamasha is solidarity, love and religious co-existence (secularism) as the Sanskrit plays conclude with a aBharat Vakyaa Tamasha too, at the end of its plot concludes with a happy ending, the fulfilling of the wishes of the protagonist and wishing for the welfare of all. 
In the Tamasha, the main rages whish are amply used are aBhupalia aAasawaria (Komal ishbh) aJonpuria aMalkunsa aDarbaria aBihaga aSindh Kafia a Bhairvia aKalingdaa and aKedara ect. 
The accompanying instruments are Harmoniyam, Tabla, Sarangi, and Ghugroo. 
The costume are very impotent to the identity of Tamasha. 
The Tamasha (Crest) akalangia (plume) Gotedar Bhagwavastra (laced saffron garments), a singi and seli (a sheat fish and a neck ornament) to give beats are among the chief costumes of the performance of Tamasha.. 
The Tamasha actors also give an imagined description of the costumes of the performance to which the audience believes similarly the part of the female characters is and the audience enjoys suspending their disbelief. 
The creative texts used in tamasha are chiefly aTamasha Gopichanda aJogi Jogana aRoopchand Gandhia a Ranjah heera a Jutthan Miyana aChaila Panihariaetc. 
Change is the law of nature. 
If the humans do not change according to the time they live in either they feel themselves cut off from the society or the society itself sidelines them. 
This applies to Tamasha too. 
In this way Tamasha is being improvised new Tamashas are being written upon the present circumstances and upon the contemporary problems. 
After Shri Banshidhar Bhatt, After Pt. 
Banshidhar Bhatt Mr Vsasudev Bhatt a man of his fourth generation wrote a couple of tamashas on many contemporary issues give a living heath to this skill. 
Also there have been new dramatic performance with Tamashas its base. 
There have been folk based dramatic performances all through India Tamasha style is being improvised and synthesized with the modern drama. 
In the sequence, there have been many experiments with the form, which proved to be very popular. 
Sh Vasudeo Bhatt created aIkkisvi Sadia a Laila Maznua a Mela Gangaura and aVratraja in the Tamasha styleand Ashok Rahias aAur Ravan Mil Gayaa, Hari Ram Acharyaas aAgni Parikshaa and Mridula Bhasinas aKatha Niranteraare being written and performed the Tamasha way. 
Similarity Tapan Bhatt of the Fifth generation of the Tamasha family has created and successfully performed aRajputanaa, Show Must Go Ona in the tamasha style. 
In present Jaipur Tamasha is a very famous folk tradition in north India. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:New_Zealand_Football_Championship_2004-05">
Season summary. 
The league kicked off on October 15, 2004, with a 3-1 victory for Auckland City at Napier City Rovers and it soon became clear that Auckland City, along with Waitakere United, were the class teams in the championship. 
Auckland lost only three games all year en route to be the first winners of the New Zealand Football Championship. 
Even though they were runners-up in both the regular season and Grand Final, Waitakere lost four times to Auckland City, including the thrilling 3-2 final in front of 3,800 spectators at Auckland City's home field, Kiwitea Street, where Auckland came back from 2-1 down to win in the last minutes of the game. 
Waikato FC came out best of the rest to take the final playoff position in third, despite making a slow start to the season. 
Notables among the other teams were Napier City Rovers, who also came back from a slow start to have a chance of making the playoffs in the final week of the season. 
Otago United won five games all year, but did not win any of their last twelve games. 
Final league table. 
Auckland City qualify for Grand Final . 
Waitakere and Waikato play in the Elimination Final , the winner of which plays Auckland in Grand Final. 
Elimination Final. 
March-6th: Waitakere United 4 - 1 Waikato FC Grand Final. 
March-12th: Auckland City '3 - 2 Waitakre United Oceania Club Championship. 
By winning the NZFC, Auckland City went on to represent New Zealand in the Oceania Club Championship in Tahiti. 
Auckland lost their first game to Australian representatives Sydney FC, 3-2 in the dying minutes. 
Their next game, against tournament hosts AS Pirae of Tahiti, was also a loss, this time by 1-0. 
Auckland City would take some consolation from finishing third in their group after defeating the champions of Papua New Guinea, Sobou FC, by 6-1. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Navy-Marine_Memorial">
Navy-Marine Memorial. 
The Navy-Merchant Marine Memorial, located in Lady Bird Johnson Park on Columbia Island in Washington, D. C., is a monument honoring sailors of the United States Navy and the United States Merchant Marine who died at sea during World War I. It was designed in 1922 by Harvey Wiley Corbett and sculpted by Ernesto Begni del Piatta. 
It was dedicated on October 18, 1934. Nicknamed Waves and Gulls, the memorial depicts seven seagulls above the crest of a wave. 
It is cast from aluminum and the base is made of green granite (the base was originally concrete but replaced by the Works Progress Administration in 1940). 
It stands 35 feet (10.6 m) tall and 30 feet (9.1 m) wide. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Royal_William_Victualling_Yard">
Royal William Victualling Yard. 
The Royal William Victualling Yard, in Stonehouse, a suburb of Plymouth, England, was the major victualling depot of the Royal Navy and an important adjunct of Devonport Dockyard. 
It was designed by the architect Sir John Rennie and was named for King William IV. 
It was built between 1826 and 1835, and occupies a site of approximately 16 acres. 
The Yard was closed in 1992 and subsequently passed into private hands. 
Grade 1 listed, it is now undergoing on-going conversion to an up-market mixed use development. 
Early conservation and restoration work was carried out by Gilmore Hankey Kirke Architects. 
Together with Acanthus Ferguson Mann Architects they were awarded by the RIBA in the South West region for the Clarence and Brewhouse buildings. 
The scheme is also a winner of a RIBA 2006 Conservation Awards, which recognise best practice in the field of building conservation. 
Continued restoration, conservation and modernisation of these Georgian Buildings is being carried out by Urban Splash. 
The Royal William Yard is a collection of grade 1 listed buildings, these include (East to West) The site is open to the public and offers the 'Tunnel to Firestone Bay' a Public Basin for visiting boats and exciting restaurants, cafes and public events for all to enjoy! 
Now partly restored and occupied as a small office space Currently utilised as office space, these two grand houses were built for civil service officers in the Royal William Yard and were continually occupied as homes until shortly after Plymouth Development Corporation took over ownership. 
Now an award-winning conversion comprising 52 contemporary apartments, this building was originally used as a liquid store with one floor each of spirits, vinegar and beer. 
As needs changed, so did the role of Clarence and latterly the building was used for the storage of spares and components. 
The subject of a recent award-winning conversion, this building boasts 78 apartments, together with ground floor commercial space for exhibitions, cafes and restaurants. 
Purpose Built in 1834, it was never actually equipped as a brewhouse, since emerging technology allowed large quantities of fresh water to be carried at sea, thus eliminating the need for the beer rations. 
It stood empty until 1885, when the west wing was used as a repair workshop and rum store. 
In its history it has even housed a torpedo workshop for the Navy. 
Built to accommodate 100 coopers to make the barrels and kegs in which the produce of the 'Yard' could be stored and transported. 
It was soon to become a monument to the march of technology, ss demand for the coopers' skills declined until only 12 were employed. 
Designed, built and operated as the nerve centre of the whole of the Royal William Yard. 
All administration was carried out here and it served as a major storehouse for food, clothing and equipment. 
Sixty years after the Yard was completed, the New Cooperage was built to house the coopers and others tradesmen displaced by the rearrangements, including the arrival of workshops. 
Here there was room for painters, wheelwrighters and a host of other skilled men needed to keep the Royal Navy in perfect trim. 
Its final use was a survival pack ration and equipment store. 
Currently being developed to include 83 apartments, commercial and office space, it was originally equipped as a biscuit and bread factory in 1834. Given only one full production run, there was no more baking here until 1847 when, newly equipped, it was used for its original purpose until 1925, subsequently becoming a clothing and equipment store. 
Up to 100 bullocks per day were slaughtered here and the meat salted into wooden barrels. 
The building was in use for this purpose for 26 years from 1859. Most recently, the Slaughterhouse has been used as a centre for building repair and maintenance. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Alberta_Highway_61">
Alberta Highway 61. Highway 61 is an east-west highway located in southern Alberta extending from east of Lethbridge and proceeds east toward the Saskatchewan border. 
It is part of the Red Coat Trail, a historical route north of the Canada/US border. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:KZMM-CA">
KZMM-CA. 
KZMM-CA is a MTV Tr3s affiliate in Fresno, California, broadcasting locally on channel 22. The station airs videos of various Latin American music styles, including Latin Hip Hop and R&B, Rock and Contemporary Spanish-language hits. 
On January 4, 1991 signed on as K07UX, and the station was later granted class A status in 2004. KZMM-CA is owned by Viacom. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Society_for_the_Advancement_of_Judaism">
Society for the Advancement of Judaism. 
The Society for the Advancement of Judaism is a synagogue and Jewish organization in New York City, on Manhattan's Upper West Side. 
Founded in 1922 by Rabbi Mordecai M. Kaplan, the founder of Reconstructionist Judaism, the synagogue is jointly affiliated with the Conservative and Reconstructionist Jewish movements. 
The current rabbi is Michael Strassfeld. 
Moshe Nathanson, composer of Hava Nagilah, was Cantor of the SAJ during Kaplan's tenure. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Chris_Britt">
Chris Britt. 
Chris Britt is an editorial cartoonist for the State Journal-Register of Springfield, Illinois, United States. 
Since 1991 the Copley News Service has distributed his cartoons. 
In 2003, Britt received a degree from the University of Illinois Visual Arts Program. 
In 2006, he held an abstract-art exhibition in their gallery. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Cremyll">
Cremyll. 
Cremyll () is a village on the Rame Peninsula in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. 
It is on the southern coast of Plymouth Sound, and the Cremyll Ferry, which carries foot passengers only, crosses the Sound from Cremyll to Plymouth. 
The main gates to Mount Edgcumbe Country Park and Mount Edgcumbe House are located in Cremyll. 
The Cremyll Ferry may well date back to the Saxon arrival in the 8th century, and was part of the main southern route into Cornwall until the 1830s. 
There was a larger community here called West Stonehouse (compare with East Stonehouse) until it was burnt by the French in 1350. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Shuuto">
The or shootball is a pitch commonly thrown by such right-handed Japanese pitchers such as Noboru Akiyama, Kenjiro Kawasaki, Daisuke Matsuzaka, and Masumi Kuwata. 
The most renowned shuuto pitcher in history was Masaji Hiramatsu whose famous pitch was dubbed the razor shuuto because it seemed to cut the air when thrown. 
The pitch is mainly designed to break down and in on right-handed batters, so as to prevent them to make good contact with the ball. 
It can also be thrown to left-handers to keep them off balance. 
Good shuuto pitchers often break the bats of right-handed hitters because they usually get jammed when trying to swing at this pitch. 
It could be said that the shuuto has a somewhat similar break and purpose as the screwball for a left-handed pitcher, even though the latter is also meant to be primarily thrown at right-handed batters. 
The shuuto begins as a fastball, taking a straight path towards home plate. 
However, the pitcher puts a slight spin on the ball, such that as the ball's velocity decreases, and it then rolls over and drifts toward the batter. 
Thus, if the shuuto pitch was thrown off the outside part of the plate, it would tail back over the outside border of the strike zone. 
Conversely, if it was thrown on the inside part of the plate, it would move even further inside. 
The shuuto is often described in English as a reverse slider , but this is not strictly the case, as the shuuto generally has more velocity and less break than a slider. 
Western observers also tend to confuse the shuuto with many other types of pitches, including the two-seam fastball, the sinker, or the screwball. 
All three of these groups of pitches, in differing degrees, will move down and in towards a right-handed batter when thrown, or in the opposite manner of a curveball and a slider. 
The shuuto is unique because it is a faster pitch with less downward break when compared to a screwball, and has less speed but more lateral break when compared to two-seam fastballs and sinking fastballs. 
The shuuto is often confused with the gyroball, perhaps because of a well-known article by Will Carroll that erroneously equated the two pitches. 
Although Carroll later corrected himself, the confusion persists. 
The shuuto is used by a handful of American players, mainly in amateur leagues, although some argue that a variation on this pitch is also thrown by Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Greg Maddux. 
A right-hander, Maddux often uses this shuuto-like pitch to freeze left-handed batters, as the pitch starts inside on the batters, and then breaks sharply down and inside the strike zone as the batter shies away from the ball. 
The shuuto is mentioned often in the movie Mr. Baseball . 
This is the type of pitch that Tom Selleck's character is continually unable to hit, even though he is a left hand batter. 
The shuuto is described as the great equalizer . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Mart%C3%ADn_Castillo">
Martin Castillo. 
Jose Martin Castillo (born January 13, 1977 in Mexico City) is a boxer from Mexico, who is more commonly known as 'Martin Castillo. 
He represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics, and is a former World Boxing Association (WBA) Superflyweight (115 lbs) champion. 
Amateur career. 
Castillo had an Amateur Record of 160-20 (90 KOs). 
He represented Mexico as a Flyweight at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. 
He lost in the opening round to Zoltan Lunka of Germany 13-7 on points. 
Pro career. 
Castillo, nicknamed Gallito (Little Rooster), first fought for a world title on March 30, 2002, against Felix Machado. 
Castillo suffered a cut due to a headbutt, and the fight was stopped in the 6th round. 
By rule when a headbutt is ruled to be unintentional, the fight went to the scorecards. 
All three judges ruled against Castillo, although many thought he was winning the fight. 
Championship Reign. 
After winning the WBA interim title, Castillo fought the full WBA champion, Alexander Munoz, on December 3, 2004 in Laredo, Texas. 
At the time, Munoz was a widely respected and feared power puncher, with an undefeated record in 25 fights, with 24 wins by way of knock-out. 
Castillo frustrated Munoz with slick boxing skills and expert use of angles. 
Castillo dropped Munoz twice on the way to a fairly easy unanimous decision victory. 
Castillo defended his title in a unanimous decision victory over former WBA flyweight champion Eric Morel on March 19, 2005 in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
Castillo received some exposure in this fight, as it was the first televised bout on the Pay-Per-View (PPV) fight card featuring the first match between boxing superstars Erik Morales and Manny Pacquiao. 
However, Castillo's victory was a workman-like effort, largely because Morel employed a very defensive style. 
Castillo followed this victory with another unanimous decision defense of his belt over Hideyasu Ishihara on June 26, 2005 in a fight held in Nagoya, Japan. 
The rematch between Erik Morales and Manny Pacquiao on January 21, 2006 in Las Vegas, Nevada provided another opportunity to feature Castillo on the PPV undercard, this time as the chief supporting bout to the main event. 
Castillo was rematched with Munoz, who had won three fights since losing his belt. 
This time Munoz came much better prepared, applying pressure from the opening bell and dropping Castillo in the first round. 
Castillo also suffered bad cuts over both eyes as the fight progressed. 
The aggressiveness of Munoz and his heavy punches won him the early rounds. 
However, Castillo rallied in the later rounds, using better technique and counter-punches, but also exhibiting aggressiveness. 
The last three rounds featured furious exchanges between the fighters, with Munoz growing increasingly tired, but still launching dangerous power punches. 
Castillo won a split decision victory, but perhaps more importantly, he demonstrated a crowd-pleasing style to a wide audience. 
Although hard-core boxing fans appreciate his use of boxing skills, blood and guts battles lead to larger purses. 
Title Loss to Nashiro. 
On July 22, 2006, Castillo lost his title to Nobuo Nashiro in Japan. 
The fight was stopped in the 10th round as Castillo was bleeding heavily from cuts. 
As the cuts were caused by punches, Nashiro won the fight by technical knock-out. 
Nashiro, a young boxer with only 7 professional fights, surprised Castillo with an effective aggressive style in the early rounds. 
Castillo was winning later rounds - had the fight gone to the scorecards after the 9th round, it would have been a draw, as one judge had Nashiro winning, one had Castillo winning, and one had it even. 
After the Nashiro fight, Castillo underwent surgery to fix the scar tissue over his eyes. 
As Castillo had always been susceptible to cuts, the surgeons also shaved down Castillo's prominent brow ridges, a procedure sometimes performed on boxers who cut a lot. 
Therefore, he was out of action for almost a year. 
Castillo had two unremarkable wins after losing his title, and as of September 2007, is continuing his comeback. 
Castillo is trained by Manuel Robles, managed by Frank Espinoza, and promoted by Bob Arum's Top Rank. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Nat_King_Cole">
Nat King Cole. 
Nathaniel Adams Coles (March 17, 1919 a February 15, 1965), known professionally as 'Nat King Cole, was an American musician who first came to prominence as a leading jazz pianist. 
Although an accomplished pianist, he owes most of his popular musical fame to his soft baritone voice, which he used to perform in big band and jazz genres. 
He was the first black American to host a television variety show and has maintained worldwide popularity over 40 years past his death; he is widely considered one of the most important musical personalities in United States history. 
Childhood and Chicago. 
He was born Nathaniel Adams Coles in Montgomery, Alabama on Saint Patrick's Day in 1919 (some sources erroneously listing his birth date as 1917), and his family moved to Chicago, Illinois while he was still a child. 
There, his father became a Baptist minister. 
Nat learned to play the organ from his mother, Perlina, the church organist. 
His first performance, at age four, was of Yes! 
We Have No Bananas . 
He began formal lessons at the age of 12, eventually learning not only jazz and gospel music but also European classical music, performing, as he said, from Johann Sebastian Bach to Sergei Rachmaninoff . 
The family lived in the Bronzeville neighborhood of Chicago. 
Nat would sneak out of the house and hang around outside the clubs, listening to artists such as Louis Armstrong, Earl Fatha Hines and Jimmie Noone. 
He participated in Walter Dyett's renowned music program at DuSable High School. 
Inspired by the playing of Earl Hines, Cole began his performing career in the mid-1930s while still a teenager, adopting the name Nat Cole . 
His older brother, Eddie Coles, a bass player, soon joined Nat's band, and the brothers made their first recording in 1936 under Eddie's name. 
They were also regular performers at clubs. 
In fact, Nat acquired his nickname King performing at one jazz club, a nickname presumably reinforced by the otherwise unrelated nursery rhyme about Old King Cole. 
He was also a pianist in a national touring revival of ragtime and Broadway theatre legend Eubie Blake's revue, Shuffle Along . 
When it suddenly failed in Long Beach, California, Cole decided to remain there. 
Los Angeles and the King Cole Trio. 
Nat Cole and three other musicians formed the King Cole Swingers in Long Beach and played in a number of local bars before getting a gig on the Long Beach Pike for US$90 per week. 
Nat married dancer Nadine Robinson, who was also with Shuffle Along, and moved to Los Angeles, where he formed the Nat King Cole Trio. 
The trio consisted of Nat on piano, Oscar Moore on guitar, and Wesley Prince on double bass. 
The trio played in Los Angeles throughout the late 1930s and recorded many radio transcriptions. 
Nat's role was that of piano player and leader of the combo. 
It is a common misconception that Nat Cole's singing career did not start until a drunken barroom patron demanded that he sing Sweet Lorraine. 
In fact, Nat Cole has gone on record saying that the fabricated story sounded good, so I just let it ride. 
Nat Cole frequently sang in between instrumental numbers. 
Noticing that people started to request more vocal numbers, he obliged. 
Yet, the story of the insistent customer is not without merit. 
There was such a customer, who requested a certain song one night, but a song that Nat did not know. 
Instead he sang Sweet Lorraine. 
The trio was tipped 15 cents for the performance, a nickel apiece (Nat King Cole: An Intimate Biography, Maria Cole with Louie Robinson, 1971). 
During World War II, Wesley Prince left the group and Cole replaced him with Johnny Miller. 
Miller would later be replaced by Charlie Harris in the 1950s. 
The King Cole Trio signed with the fledgling Capitol Records in 1943, and Cole stayed with the recording company for the rest of his career. 
Revenues from Cole's record sales fueled much of Capitol Records' success during this period. 
The revenue is believed to have played a significant role in financing the distinctive Capitol Records building on Hollywood and Vine, in Los Angeles. 
Completed in 1956, it was the world's first circular office building and became known as the house that Nat built. 
Cole was considered a leading jazz pianist, appearing, for example, in the first Jazz at the Philharmonic concerts (credited on the Mercury Record labels as Shorty Nadine, apparently derived from the name of his wife at the time). 
His revolutionary lineup of piano, guitar, and bass in the time of the big bands became a popular set up for a jazz trio. 
It was emulated by many musicians, among them Art Tatum, Erroll Garner, Oscar Peterson, Ahmad Jamal, Tommy Flanagan and blues pianists Charles Brown and Ray Charles. 
He also performed as a pianist on sessions with Lester Young, Red Callender, and Lionel Hampton. 
The Page Cavanaugh Trio with the same set up as Cole came out of the chute about the same time, at the end of the war. 
It's still a toss up as to who was first, although it is generally agreed that the credit goes to Nat Cole. 
Early singing career. 
Cole's first mainstream vocal hit was his 1943 recording of one of his compositions, Straighten Up and Fly Right, based on a black folk tale that his father had used as a theme for a sermon. 
Johnny Mercer invited him to record it for the fledgling Capitol Records label. 
It sold over 500,000 copies, and proved that folk-based material could appeal to a wide audience. 
Although Nat would never be considered a rocker, the song can be seen as anticipating the first rock and roll records. 
Indeed, Bo Diddley, who performed similar transformations of folk material, counted Cole as an influence. 
Beginning in the late 1940s, Cole began recording and performing more pop-oriented material for mainstream audiences, often accompanied by a string orchestra. 
His stature as a popular icon was cemented during this period by hits such as The Christmas Song . 
(Cole recorded that tune four times: June 14, 1946 as a pure Trio recording; August 19, 1946 with an added string section; August 24, 1953; and again in 1961 for the double album, The Nat King Cole Story. 
This final version, recorded in stereo, is the one most often heard today. 
), Nature Boy (1948), Mona Lisa (1950), Too Young (the #1 song in 1951), and his signature tune Unforgettable (1951). 
While this shift to pop music led some jazz critics and fans to accuse Cole of selling out, he never totally abandoned his jazz roots; as late as 1956, for instance, he recorded an all-jazz album, After Midnight. 
Cole had one of his last big hits two years before his death, in 1963, with the classic Those Lazy-Hazy-Crazy Days of Summer , which reached #6 on the Pop chart. 
Making television history. 
On November 5, 1956, The Nat King Cole Show debuted on NBC-TV. 
The Cole program was the first of its kind hosted by an African-American. 
It initially began as a 15-minute show on Monday night, the program was expanded to a half hour in July 1957. Despite the efforts of NBC, as well as many of Cole's industry colleagues - many of whom, such as Ella Fitzgerald, Harry Belafonte, Frankie Laine, Mel Torme, Peggy Lee and Eartha Kitt worked for industry scale in order to help the show save money - The Nat King Cole Show was ultimately done in by lack of a national sponsorship. 
Companies such as Rheingold Beer assumed regional sponsorship of the show, but a national sponsor never appeared. 
The last episode of The Nat King Cole Show aired December 17, 1957. Cole had survived for over a year, and it was he, not NBC, who ultimately decided to pull the plug on the show. 
NBC, as well as Cole himself, had been operating at an extreme financial loss. 
Commenting on the lack of sponsorship his show received, Cole quipped shortly after its demise, Madison Avenue is afraid of the dark. 
This statement, plus the passing of time, has fueled the urban legend that Cole's show had to close down despite enormous popularity. 
In fact, the Cole program was routinely beaten by the competition at ABC, which was then riding high with its travel and western shows. 
In addition, musical variety series have always been risky enterprises with a fickle public; among the one-season casualties are Frank Sinatra in 1957, Judy Garland in 1963 and Julie Andrews in 1972. In 1964, Nat King Cole made his final television appearance on The Jack Benny Program. 
Benny in true fashion allowed his guest star to steal the show at a time when racism was still rampant in America. 
Cole sang aWhen I Fall in Lovea in perhaps his finest and most memorable performance. 
Cole was introduced as athe best friend a song ever hada and traded very humorous banter with Benny. 
Cole highlighted a classic Benny skit, in which Benny is upstaged by an emergency stand-in drummer. 
Introduced as Coleas cousin, five year old James Bradley Jr. stunned Benny with incredible drumming talent and participated with Cole in playful banter at Bennyas expense. 
Coleas dignified performance was years ahead of its time, though this would prove to be his last. 
Racism. 
Cole fought racism all his life and refused to perform in segregated venues. 
In 1956, he was assaulted on stage during a concert in Birmingham, Alabama (while singing the song Little Girl ) by three members of the North Alabama White Citizens' Council (a group led by Education of Little Tree author Asa Forrest Carter, himself not among the attackers), who apparently were attempting to kidnap him. 
The three male attackers ran down the aisles of the auditorium, towards Cole and his band. 
Although local law enforcement quickly ended the invasion of the stage, the ensuing melee toppled Cole from his piano bench and injured his back. 
Cole did not finish the concert and never again performed in the South. 
A fourth member of the group who had participated in the plot was later arrested in connection with the act. 
All were later tried and convicted for their roles in the crime. 
In 1956 he was contracted to perform in Cuba and wanted to stay at the Hotel Nacional de Cuba, Havana. 
He was not allowed to because it operated a color bar, but Cole honored his contract and the concert at the Tropicana was a huge success. 
The following year he returned to Cuba for another concert, singing many songs in Spanish. 
There is now a tribute to him in the form of a bust and a juke box in the Hotel Nacional. 
1950s and beyond. 
Throughout the 1950s, Cole continued to rack up hit after hit, including Smile, Pretend, A Blossom Fell, and If I May. 
His pop hits were collaborations with well-known arrangers and conductors of the day, including Nelson Riddle, Gordon Jenkins, and Ralph Carmichael. 
Riddle arranged several of Cole's 1950s albums, including his first 10-inch long-play album, his 1953 Nat King Cole Sings For Two In Love. 
In 1955, his single Darling Je Vous Aime Beaucoup reached #7 on the Billboard chart. 
Jenkins arranged Love Is the Thing, #1 on the album charts in April 1957. In 1958, Cole went to Havana, Cuba, to record Cole Espanol, an album sung entirely in Spanish. 
The album was so popular in Latin America as well as in the USA, that two others of the same variety followed: A Mis Amigos (sung in Spanish and Portuguese) in 1959, and More Cole Espanol in 1962. A Mis Amigos contains the Venezuelan hit Ansiedad, whose lyrics Cole had learned while performing in Caracas in 1958. Cole learned songs in languages other than English by rote. 
The change in musical tastes during the late 1950s meant that Cole's ballad singing did not sell well with younger listeners, despite a successful stab at rock n' roll with Send For Me (peaked at #6 pop). 
Along with his contemporaries Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, and Tony Bennett, Cole found that the pop singles chart had been almost entirely taken over by youth-oriented acts. 
In 1960, Nat's long-time collaborator Nelson Riddle left Capitol Records for Frank Sinatra's newly formed Reprise Records label. 
Riddle and Cole recorded one final hit album Wild Is Love, based on lyrics by Ray Rasch and Dotty Wayne. 
Cole later retooled the concept album into an off-Broadway show, I 'm With You. 
Cole did manage to record some hit singles during the 1960s, including the country-flavored hit Ramblin' Rose in August of 1962, as well as Dear Lonely Hearts, Those Lazy, Hazy, Crazy Days Of Summer (his final hit, reaching #6 pop), and That Sunday, That Summer . 
Cole performed in many short films, sitcoms, television shows, and played W. C. Handy in the film St. Louis Blues (1958). 
He also appeared in The Nat King Cole Story, China Gate, and The Blue Gardenia (1953) (see photo above). 
Cat Ballou (1965), his final film, was released several months after his death. 
Death and posthumous achievements. 
Cole, a smoker of three packs of cigarettes a day, died of lung cancer on February 15, 1965. The day before he died, he did a radio interview, stating: I am feeling better than ever. 
I think I 've finally got this cancer licked. 
A 1997 edition of Chicken Soup for the Soul published a story stating that Cole's wife, Maria, nearly missed his death due to car trouble, but this is an urban legend. 
His last album, L-O-V-E, was recorded in early December 1964 - just a few days before entering the hospital for lung cancer treatment - and released just prior to his death. 
It peaked at #4 on the Billboard Albums chart in the spring of 1965. A Best Of album went gold in 1968. His 1957 recording of When I Fall In Love reached #4 in the UK charts in 1987. In 1983, an archivist for EMI Electrola Records, EMI (Capitol's parent company) Records' subsidiary in Germany, discovered some songs Cole had recorded but had never been released, including one in Japanese and another in Spanish (Tu Eres Tan Amable ). 
Capitol released them later that year as the LP Unreleased. 
Cole was inducted into both the Alabama Music Hall of Fame and the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame. 
He was awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1990, and in 1997 was inducted into the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame. 
In 2007, he was inducted into the Hit Parade Hall of Fame. 
In 1991, Mosaic Records released The Complete Capitol Recordings of the Nat King Cole Trio, an 18 compact disc set, consisting of 349 songs. 
(This special compilation also was available as a 27 high-quality LP record set. 
) Nat's youngest brother Freddy Cole, and Nat's daughter, Natalie Cole are also singers. 
In the summer of 1991, Natalie and her father had an unexpected hit when Natalie mixed her own voice with her father's 1961 rendition of Unforgettable, as part of her album paying tribute to her father's music. 
The song and the album of the same name won seven Grammy awards in 1992. Marriage, children and other personal details. 
There has been some confusion as to Cole's actual year of birth. 
Nat himself used four different dates on official documents: 1915, 1916, 1917, and 1919. However, Nathaniel is listed with his parents and older siblings in the 1920 U. S. Federal census for Montgomery Ward 7 and his age is given as nine months old. 
Since this is a contemporary record, it is very likely he was born in 1919. This is also consistent with the 1930 census which finds him at age 11 with his family in Chicago's Ward 3. In the 1920 census, the race of all members of the family (Ed. 
, Perlina, Eddie M., Edward D., Evelina and Nathaniel) is recorded as mulatto. 
Cole's birth year is also listed as 1919 on the. 
Cole's first marriage, to Nadine Robinson, ended in 1948. On March 28, 1948 (Easter Sunday), just six days after his divorce became final, Nat King Cole married singer Maria Hawkins Ellington. 
While Maria had sung with Ellington's band, Ellington is no relation to Duke Ellington. 
They were married in Harlem's Abyssinian Baptist Church by Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. They had five children: daughter Natalie was born in 1950; adoption of Carol (the daughter of Maria's sister, born in 1944); adopted son Nat Kelly Cole (1959), who died in 1995 at 36; twin girls Casey and Timolin (1961). 
In 1948, Cole purchased a house in the all-white Hancock Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. 
The property owners association told Cole they did not want any undesirables moving in. 
Cole retorted The Ku Klux Klan, still active in Los Angeles well into the 1950s, responded by placing a burning cross on his front lawn. 
Cole carried on affairs throughout his marriage. 
By the time he developed lung cancer, he was estranged from his wife Maria in favor of actress Gunilla Hutton, best known as Nurse Goodbody of Hee Haw fame. 
However, he was together with his wife during his illness, and she stayed with him until his death. 
In an interview, his wife Maria had expressed no lingering resentment over his affairs. 
Instead she emphasized his musical legacy and the class he exhibited in all other aspects of his life. 
Cole was a heavy smoker of KOOL menthol cigarettes. 
He believed smoking kept his voice low. 
(He would, in fact, smoke several cigarettes in quick succession before a recording for this very purpose. 
) He died of lung cancer on February 15, 1965, at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California. 
His funeral was held at St. James Episcopal Church on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles. 
His remains were interred inside Freedom Mausoleum at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, Los Angeles. 
Politics. 
Although numerous Internet sites state that Cole spoke at the 1956 Republican National Convention in the Cow Palace, San Francisco, California, in fact, on August 23, 1956, his singing there of 'That's All There Is To That' was greeted with applause. 
There is no record in the Official Report of the Proceedings of his having spoken. 
He was also present at the Democratic National Convention in 1960, to throw his support behind President John F. Kennedy. 
Cole was also among the dozens of entertainers recruited by Frank Sinatra to perform at the Kennedy Inaugural gala in 1961. Nat King Cole frequently consulted with President Kennedy (and later President Johnson) on civil rights. 
External links. 
First African American to have his own T. V. and Radio show. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Bert_%26_I">
Bert & I. 'Bert & I ' is the name given to numerous collections of humor stories set in the Down East culture of traditional Maine. 
These stories were made famous and mostly written by the humorist storytelling team of Marshall Dodge (1935-1982) and Bob Bryan in the 1950s and 1960s, and in later years through retellings by Allen Wicken. 
While many of the more prominent stories center around the title characters (Bert, and the narrator), others are stories of fabricated characters which communicate a quirkiness of rural New England and Maine culture. 
The stories are told in the traditional folksy New England storytelling vein, with a dry wit, of the sort generally considered as humor, though not comedy in the common sense, akin to that of the (later) Lake Wobegon stories. 
A number of well-worn sayings and rehashed jokes have their roots in Bert & I stories. 
One common phrase, sometimes said in a New England accent, You ca n't get there from here (or, with accent, approaching You cah n't get theyah from heeah ) was the punchline to the story Which Way to Millinocket? 
(not to be confused with Which Way to East Vassalboro? 
, which had a different, anti-urbanite theme. 
) The title characters are fishermen by trade, operating a motor vessel named Bluebird (and later Bluebird II ), based out of Kennebunkport. 
Many of the longer stories of Bert & I collections involve incidents during a day's work, with careful detail given to the intricacies of the trade. 
Bert & I stories spread beyond New England during the 1970s and 1980s, and introduced many parts of the country and world to the regionally distinct Maine (or Yankee ) accent. 
In 1982, Bryan released a Bert & I mock language tape, How To Talk Yankee, with fellow Maine humorist Tim Sample. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:USC_Trojans_baseball">
USC Trojans baseball. 
The University of Southern California Trojans baseball program, established in 1888, is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Pacific Ten Conference, and is currently coached by Chad Kreuter. 
USC Trojans Baseball has a notable history in baseball: With 12 baseball national championships, Troy is far and away the leader in that category (no other school has more than 6). 
Since starting baseball in 1924, the Trojans have compiled a record of 2,221-1,093-15 (.669) against college opponents, and have captured outright or tied for 38 conference championships. 
USC's most notable baseball coach was Rod Dedeaux, coaching from 1942-86, who led the school to 11 of its NCAA crowns, including 5 straight from 1970-74. 
They play at Dedeaux Field in honor of former coach Rod Dedeaux. 
The 2007 USC baseball recruiting class has been rated No. 4 in the nation by Student Sports. 
The first Trojan national championship came in 1948. The 12th and most recent title came in 1998. In 2007, the team was established as a competitive alternative for varsity baseball athletes. 
Some players on this team have practiced with or tried out for the varsity team. 
USCCB continues to have a good relationship with the varsity team, and is fortunate to play games on Dedeaux Field and use former varsity uniforms. 
References. 
I grew up with USC Baseball, as I have noted before my dad played on some of those top teams in the 60's. 
I have been careful not divulge who he is or his opinions on the current state of SC baseball because he still travels in some circles where criticism or opinions that are not favorable might not be appreciated especially if they are by his son who did n't play that level of baseball or attend SC. 
I feel that I have looked at USC Baseball objectively over the years and I have found that it is not performing at the level that is expected by those who not only follow it religiously but also just in passing. 
I am not foolish enough to expect Pac 10 titles or NCAA championships every other year but I do expect to be in a position of contention for one or the other or even both on a consistent basis. 
For USC those are reasonable expectations We have obviously been spoiled with all the attention that the football and basketball teams have received of late so its time that the baseball team gets back to a level of respectability. 
I 'm not asking to return the Dedeaux years but contending for the post season is a must in order to win titles . 
The new players that have been added to the roster are all really good baseball players and excellent students as well. 
Players from NYC are the players that have to get use to the weather in California but I 'm sure everything will workout. 
The Trojans needed prospects in the passed and they let them go but not this time. 
Mostly all of the players that have been scouted are all well-rounded baseball players and top major league prospects for the draft coming up. 
The freshmen are mostly going to sit out most of the games but the trojans are still going to have reserve hitters on deck if they ever need them and mostly all of them are freshmen. 
This year people say the Trojans are going to have an off year and you know what I say, I do n't think so 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Fantasy_comics">
A number of fantasy themed comic books exist. 
For example: Fantasy webcomics. 
Fantasy webcomics also exist, most notably: 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Weird_War">
Weird War, briefly known as 'Scene Creamers, is an eclectic indie rock band based out of Washington, D. C.. 
The current lineup consists of Ian Svenonius on vocals, Michelle Mae on bass guitar, Alex Minoff on guitar, and Sebastian Thomson on drums. 
Weird War was initially formed as an umbrella organization in 2001 to encompass disparate anti-authoritarian groups and to challenge the idiocy of the new epoch. 
While the current lineup appears on the group's first release I 'll Never Forget What's His Name, the group's first full length, self-titled release featured Neil Hagerty (of Royal Trux) and Jessica Espeleta (formerly of Love as Laughter) on guitars, and Steve McCarty (later of Dead Meadow) on drums. 
These collaborators soon left to pursue other programs, and the band became known as The Scene Creamers, with Ian Svenonius on vocals, Michelle Mae on bass, Alex Minoff (of Golden) on guitar, and Blake Brunner on drums. 
In this incarnation, the band released I Suck on that Emotion , through Drag City Records. 
After being threatened with a legal suit for the name Scene Creamers by a French graffiti artist collective of the same name, the band reverted back to the name Weird War. 
Since then, as its membership has become static, with the addition of Argentine Sebastian Thomson (of the group Trans Am) on drums, its intent has become more cosmic. 
Ideology. 
Weird War claims that they are the sole answer to the hype-based careerism, empty formalism and vacuity which has infected what was once a genuinely creative underground rock 'n' roll scene. 
Such rhetoric however is not necessarily mirrored by the group's lyrical content. 
Svenonius told an interviewer I do n't actually like rock and roll lyrics that are political because lyrics are almost irrelevant in rock and roll. 
What lyrics are is just an incantation, a kind of spell. 
A political band is n't a band with political lyrics. 
A political band is a group that's creating a narrative that guides the culture towards, well, towards destroying the ruling class, in whatever way. 
In comparison to their own music, Weird War often reference a cookie-cutter aesthetic of other bands and musicians as neo-conservative political forces: Weird War see the clone nature of the revisionist groups as a direct analogue to the fascism and conformity which defines 21st century America, and their general idiocy an infiltration conspiracy by counter-intelligence forces. 
According to Svenonius, Weird War's brief stint as The Scene Creamers was as a result of politically-motivated, collective-dream: Songs like AK-47 address the technology gap which faces modern Anti-colonial guerilla fighters and that similar songs could be called a celebration of nationalist resistance movements worldwide which fight Anglo-American imperialism. 

</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Do_It_Good">
Do It Good was the debut album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. 
The album had little mainstream impact in the United States, despite catchy tracks like Sound Your Funky Horn . 
The album was focused towards an upbeat funk - which would later turn into disco. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Stalker_%28Batman_Beyond%29">
Stalker (Batman Beyond). 
Stalker (voiced by Carl Lumbly) is a fictional character in Batman Beyond . 
He is an African hunter who stalks his prey bare handed, until he meets his match in a black panther. 
Needing extensive repair on his spine, he receives some sort of augmentation that enhances his senses, strength, speed, and agility. 
With his new abilities making it too easy for him to hunt animals, the Stalker craves an even more dangerous prey, and sets his sights on Batman. 
He comes to Gotham City and kidnaps Terry McGinnis' younger brother Matt to use him as bait to lure the Batman. 
Batman meets Stalker in combat and, after a violent struggle, defeats him. 
The Stalker seemingly dies when he is hit by a bullet train. 
He appears again later, however, this time to help Batman stop a reptilian organization known as Kobra from altering the world to support reptilian life only. 
While Batman remains wary, Stalker proves himself a trustworthy ally for the time being, saying that when Batman dies, it will be at his hands. 
Stalker, although fanatical about hunting, is unique in his sense of honor, which separates him from Batman's other enemies. 
When he kidnaps Terry's brother, he shows no intention of hurting him; his only interest in him is as bait, whereas warped psychopaths like the Joker would have murdered him just to upset Batman. 
Stalker also seems to be completely sane (apart from his lingering fear of the panther), which further distinguishes him. 
The Stalker was slated to appear in an episode of The Zeta Project , Taffy Time . 
He was replaced with Krick. 
He was last seen in the Justice League Unlimited episode Epilogue as a member of the Iniquity Collective, fighting the Justice League along with other villains from the future who are also members in a dream sequence. 
Considering his loner personality, it is unknown why he joined them. 
The Stalker may be a DC animated universe counterpart to the Marvel Comics character Kraven the Hunter due to sharing the backgrounds of being big game hunters who later gained superhuman powers and then battled an animal-themed hero (Kraven had an obsession with hunting Spider-Man). 
The Stalker differs from Kraven however, in that he appears to be entirely sane, despite the fact that he seems to want to kill Batman, citing him as dangerous prey , and thus worthy of hunting. 
The method in which Stalker's powers are received is also different, being a recipient of cybernetics, whereas Kraven received his powers by drinking exotic jungle elixirs. 
He can also be the equivalent of Bane, in that both villains came to Gotham to seek a worthy opponent and challenge to their abilities. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Silicarea">
Silicarea. 
Silicarea is a proposed new phylum based on molecular studies of the phylum Porifera. 
It consists of the Poriferan classes Demospongiae and Hexactinellida. 
Some scientists believe that Porifera is polyphyletic/paraphyletic, and that some sponges, the Calcarea, are a separate phylum which was the first to diverge from the main line of kingdom Animalia. 
Silicarea is considered the next phylum to diverge from the primary animal lineage. 
Individual siliachoates (silica skeleton scaffolding) can be arranged tightly within the sponginocyte or crosshatched and fused together. 
Siliceous spicules come in two sizes called megascleres and microscleres. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Max%27s_of_Manila">
Max's of Manila. 
Max's of Manila, popularly known as 'Max's Restaurant is a Philippine-based restaurant chain. 
History. 
In 1945, after World War II, American occupation troops stationed in Quezon City, Philippines were befriended by Maximo Gimenez, a Stanford University-educated teacher. 
A few came to his nearby house for a drink or two, until they insisted that they pay for their drinks. 
Maximo decided to open a cafe which served chicken, steak and drinks. 
He was joined by Mercedes his wife, and Felipa, his sister-in-law. 
His niece Ruby managed the kitchen, joined by her husband Claro. 
Ruby concocted a special recipe for chicken that was adored by the G. I. s., and they kept coming back for more. 
Soon enough, the Filipino public heard about the delicious chicken -- tender, juicy, and crispy -- and they came too! 
Encouraged by her mother to expand the menu and serve more Filipino food, Ruby set up the Baclaran branch along Roxas Boulevard in Paranaque. 
It was decided that the restaurant would be named Max's which was Maximo's nickname. 
Locations. 
There are 6 branches of Max's restaurant in California (Glendale, Sacramento, San Francisco, South San Francisco, Vallejo, and West Covina), one branch in Hawaii (Waipahu), and over 117 branches in the Philippines. 
Advertisements. 
In earlier television and cinema advertisements, the restaurant's Sarap to the bones (which translates as Delicious, to the bones ) usually showed scenes of Filipino family get-togethers, with Max's serving as the venue. 
More recently, a popular series of television advertisements told the story of a Max's employee who had been the childhood love of a popular TV celebrity, played by Piolo Pascual. 
The series showed scenes of the two characters as Children, as adults accidentally meeting at Max's, and then finally the deneument of the story where the celebrity recognizes the employee from their childhood. 
This commercial became so popular that it launched the showbiz career of Isabel Oli, the model who played the employee. 
Products. 
Its specialty is the Max Fried Chicken, cooked in a distinct way and differentiates itself from the starch laden fast food alternative. 
Aside from the fried chicken, the restaurant also offers standard Filipino dishes such as Kare-Kare, Sinigang, Crispy Pata, Dinuguan, and Lechon Kawali. 
Pollution Concerns. 
On August 17, 2007, Max's Restaurant, Jollibee, McDonald's, KFC, Chowking and KSK Food Products, manufacturer of the popular corn snack Boy Bawang joined the roster of top 26 Laguna de Bay polluters, according to the Laguna Lake Development Authority. 
The establishments were honored with the Pasaway sa Lawa (mulish of the lake) Award. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Duane_Litfin">
Duane Litfin. 
A. Duane Litfin is the president of Wheaton College in Wheaton, Illinois. 
He holds an undergraduate degree in biblical studies from Philadelphia Biblical University (then Philadelphia College of Bible) and a master's degree in theology. 
His two doctorates are from Purdue University (Ph. D., Communication) and Oxford University (D. Phil. 
, New Testament). 
He came to Wheaton from Memphis, Tennessee, where he served the First Evangelical Church as Senior Pastor. 
Prior to that, he was an Associate Professor at Dallas Theological Seminary. 
He also taught at Purdue University and Indiana University. 
Dr. Litfin is the author of several books, and his writings have appeared in numerous journals and periodicals. 
His most recent book, Conceiving the Christian College (Eerdman's, 2004), explores his vision of the unique character of Christian institutions of higher education. 
His first initial, A. , stands for Alan. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:New_Zealand_Football_Championship_2005-06">
New Zealand Football Championship 2005-06. 
The 2005-06 New Zealand Football Championship was won by Auckland City who successfully defended the title they won in 2005. New Format. 
In the regular season, all teams played each other three times, as before. 
But the playoff stage was changed slightly, with the top 'five teams now going through to the playoffs (as opposed to the previous three). 
Playoffs. 
In this season's extended playoff system, the games are broken up into several rounds. 
Round 1. The second place team plays the third place team in Game 1; and fourth place plays fifth place in Game 2. The second and fourth placed teams get home advantage. 
The winners of each game progress to Round 2, as does the loser of Game 1. The Game 2 loser is eliminated. 
Round 2. Auckland City, as Premiers, receive a bye straight to Round 2 where they face the winner from Game 1. The loser of Game 1 gets a second chance by going into Round 2 to face the Game 2 winner. 
The winner of Game 3 (Auckland) now goes into the Grand Final - and with home advantage. 
The loser of Game 3 (Canterbury) gets a second chance to make the Grand Final by playing the winner of Game 4 (Wellington). 
The Game 4 loser is eliminated. 
Round 3. Canterbury, as winners, go on to face Auckland City in the Grand Final. 
Grand Final. 
Auckland City are the champions of the 2005-06 New Zealand Football Championship and, along with league runners up YoungHeart Manawatu, will go on to represent New Zealand in the Oceania Club Championship 2006 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Clive_Davis">
Clive Davis. 
Clive Jay Davis (b. April 4, 1932 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American record producer, executive and a leading music industry executive. 
He has won multiple Grammy awards and is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 
He has transformed the landscape of the modern music industry with a career spanning over forty years. 
From 1967-72 he was the President of Columbia Records, was the founder and president of Arista Records in the late 1970s through 2000 until founding J Records. 
From 2003 until April 2008, Davis was the Chairman and CEO of the RCA Music Group (which includes RCA Records, J Records and Arista Records), Chairman and CEO of J Records, and Chairman and CEO of BMG North America. 
Currently Davis is the Chief Creative Officer of Sony Music Entertainment Worldwide. 
Davis is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a non-performer. 
Early life and career: The CBS years. 
Davis said, When you grew up in Brooklyn and you were good in school and you do n't like science, to rise above your family you have to become a lawyer, so everybody said you 'll be a lawyer, so I became a lawyer. 
I did n't know one wealthy person. 
I was at a law firm working on other people's clients. 
And then I got a lucky break. 
A client of a law firm that I was in came to me and then said you could become chief lawyer for Columbia Records if you come right now. 
I was out of law school for three years and I got that offer, never even thinking music, never even thinking change. 
I knew if I stayed in law, I would be servicing other people's clients. 
I did n't travel in those circles. 
I made the decision I would take that job, go to Columbia Records, and I did within six months, become their chief lawyer, and this odyssey began. 
Davis is from a working class Jewish American family and grew up in Brooklyn, New York. 
He was named Clive by his mother, who was a fan of a British actor with that name. 
Davis graduated Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, from New York University College of Arts and Science in 1953, and received a scholarship to Harvard Law School. 
Davis graduated and practiced law in a small firm which folded, then moved on to the firm of Rosenman, Colin, Kaye, Petschek and Freund, which had CBS Records as a client. 
Davis was then hired by the legal department of CBS subsidiary Columbia Records. 
Davis said, pointing to a picture on his wall of fame , This is the night I signed Janis Joplin. 
She was the first Artist I ever signed. 
When I became head of Columbia Records, I was totally green, so I started listening to music intently, every radio station, every record that came out. 
You 've gotta be the best prepared. 
You 've gotta be the most informed. 
So, I have a high work ethic. 
And I used it. 
I do n't mean to imply, when I discuss, that just hard work is enough to succeed in the record business. 
History has shown that it helps a lot if you have if you call what we in our industry call ears, and ears is that ability to hear special talent or to hear a hit. 
Davis became a protege of CBS Records President Goddard Lieberson, and discovered a passion for music which led him up the ranks of Columbia/CBS. 
In 1967, he became president of Columbia Records and, more or less by accident, he became a convert to the newest generation of folk rock and rock and roll. 
Monterrey was almost a religious experience without sounding melodramatic. 
I was seeing something that was changing the face of music. 
I had to trust my instincts, and go on the line. 
I never pictured myself to be an A&R man or talent discoverer that was not within the realm of what I had done before. 
I found through a combination of luck and the finding of a natural, talent that I never knew I had, a career and tremendous satisfaction. 
I started trusting my judgment after Big Brother and the Electric Flag and Blood Sweat and Tears and Santana and Chicago, and when they all started all making it I sensed a change was there and a revolution was definitely occurring I was lucky to find myself right in the middle of it. 
One of his earliest pop signings was the British folk-rock musician Donovan, who enjoyed a string of successful hit singles and albums released in the USA on the Epic label. 
In June 1967, at the urging of his friend and business associate Lou Adler, Davis attended the Monterey Pop Festival, a musical event that changed the course of his career, and was inspired by what he saw as the future of music. 
He immediately signed Janis Joplin with Big Brother & the Holding Company, and Columbia went on to sign Laura Nyro, Jimmie Spheeris, Electric Flag, Santana, The Chambers Brothers, Bruce Springsteen, Andy Pratt, Chicago, Billy Joel, Blood, Sweat & Tears, and Pink Floyd. 
The company, which had previously avoided rock music, doubled its market share in three years. 
One of the biggest recordings released during Davis' tenure at Columbia was Lynn Anderson's Rose Garden , in late 1970. It was Clive Davis who insisted Rose Garden be the country singer's next single release. 
The song reached number one in sixteen countries around the world, won a slew of awards and made Lynn Anderson a household name. 
In 1972, Davis also signed the group Earth, Wind & Fire to Columbia Records. 
One of Davis' most recognized accomplishments was signing the Boston group Aerosmith to Columbia Records in the early 70s at New York City's Max's Kansas City, which was immortalized in the 1979 Aerosmith classic No Surprise , where Steven Tyler sings Old Clive Davis said he's surely gonna make you a star, just the way you are . 
In 1979, Bob Weir of The Grateful Dead changed the lyrics of the Dead standard Jack Straw in concert from we used to play for silver, now we play for life , to we used to play for silver now we play for Clive . 
The Arista years. 
After being fired from CBS Records for using company funds to bankroll his son's bar mitzvah, Columbia Pictures hired Davis to be a consultant for the companyas record and music operations. 
After taking time out to write his memoirs, he was offered the presidency of the division in late 1974. Davis subsequently merged the various labels -- Colpix Records, Colgems Records and Bell Records -- into a new entity named Arista Records, ultimately buying a percentage of the company from Columbia Pictures. 
The label was named Arista after New York City's secondary school honor society (of which Davis was a member). 
This label has one of the most diverse lineups in the record industry. 
According to the book Planet Rock, by Lonn Friend, he was not a very smart person when it came to recording good rock bands because Artista was mocked for their rock roster. 
It has been home to Grammy Award winning pop megastar and the best-selling artist on label Whitney Houston, singer-songwriters Barry Manilow and Eric Carmen, Dionne Warwick, Monica, Gary Glitter, Expose, Angie Aparo, Sarah McLachlan, Annie Lennox, saxophonist Kenny G, rappers The Notorious B. I. G. and Sean Diddy Combs, Aretha Franklin, Toni Braxton, Air Supply, Ace of Base, The Alpha Band, The Grateful Dead, The Kinks, TLC, Willie Nile, Bay City Rollers, Nona Hendryx, Lou Reed, 
In the 1970s, Arista also had an extensive jazz line, most notably its Freedom imprint, concentrating on contemporary, sometimes avant-garde, musicians and widely praised reissues from the legendary Savoy label. 
Davis briefly worked with pop superstar Prince in the late 1990s on his comeback album Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic. 
Due to poor album sales and unhappy promotion of the album, Prince left Arista releasing only one record to date. 
Clive Davis was featured in the February 21, 2008 (1046) issue of Rolling Stone. 
The article titled The Last Record Man discusses how Davis has helped guide the careers of hit artists and how even four decades later he still looks for the next hit. 
In a reshuffling of the executive ranks at Sony BMG, it was announced on April 18, 2008 that Davis was appointed chief creative officer at Sony BMG. 
Zomba Music Group head Barry Weiss replaced Davis as chairman and CEO of the BMG label group. 
Other achievements. 
In 2003, Davis donated money to the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University (NYU) to create the Clive Davis Department of Recorded Music. 
The undergraduate program, the first of its kind in the country, recognizes the creative record producer as an artist in his or her own right and musical recording itself as a creative medium. 
He has been at the forefront of American Idol , as it is his company that signs the American Idol winners and runners-up. 
He has appeared as a guest judge in every season and has chosen songs for the finalists to sing during the last weeks of competition. 
Davis usually announces the successes of past American Idol contestants on each season finale. 
Davis was recently featured in the seventh season of American Idol. 
In December 2006 it was announced by The X Factor judge Simon Cowell that Davis had agreed to join in on making the latest X Factor winner Leona Lewis a star. 
In February 2007, Davis signed Lewis up for a $9.7 million five-album record deal. 
He is executive producer of her debut album, Spirit . 
Clive Davis has won three Grammy Awards. 
At the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards in 2000 he won Best Rock Album and Album of the Year for producing Carlos Santana's Supernatural . 
In addition that year he received the 2000 Trustees Grammy Award for Lifetime Achievement. 
At the 48th Annual Grammy Awards in 2006 he won Best Pop Vocal Album for producing Kelly Clarkson's Breakaway . 
In early 2009, Davis was honored by the controversial political comedian Bill Maher on the Sundance Channel, founded by Robert Redford, on the show called Iconoclasts. 
Although he lives right in the center of Manhattan, for 38 years, Davis has used the Beverly Hills Hotel, Bungalow 8A, as his home away from home, from which he conducts all his business. 
When asked by Maher if Davis had ever attempted to live out there, Davis replied, Once, many years ago, but I mean, this IS a second home, so I feel comfortable, I come out a week every four or five weeks. 
He conducts all his business from there. 
His mellow dog, Teddy, also was featured on the show Iconoclasts, who Davis said was once referred to as Sunshine Superman. 
Quoting Davis on the west coast business, Songwriters, a lot of them live out here, producers live out here, we caught the business was moving to the west coast. 
Upon ushering Maher into a room he said, This room, looks out on the pool, and my life really in the record business began to a great extent out here. 
I would come stay here, and so many of the artists came even from L. A. or from the San Francisco area, so I would take Cabana 2 there, and the German named Ahmet Ertegun, who founded Atlantic Records, and worked with the Rolling Stones and Cream and Clapton, he would be at Cabana 10, and whether it was Boz Skaggs or Loggins and Messina or those artists who lived here, they would come to the Cabana, and especially Sly, he came with all that great flamboyance and costuming, and 

</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Lewannick">
Lewannick () is a village near the town of Launceston in Cornwall, England, UK. 
Evidence of early medieval habitation at Lewannick is in the form of two inscribed pillar stones, each having text in both Latin and ogham characters; on the basis of the ogham text, these stones have been dated as having been inscribed between the fifth and sixth centuries. 
One is located in the village churchyard, and was dedicated to a Ingenuus ; the other has been moved inside to the church nave, and both texts mention a Ulcagnus . 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Pat_Reese">
Pat Reese. 
Notable contributions: Over 200 Recorded songs with release. 
Assisted with many Gold & Platinum album/song releases by artist such as, The Eagles, Allison Krauss, Huey Lewis and the News, Foreigner, Boys to Men and others. 
1996: Executive Producer and Host of the Television Show, Pat Reese's Kountry Music Video Magazine on the UPN Network affiliate in Nashville, Tennessee. 
VP of Production for 16 shows aired on NBC affiliates. 
Pat Reese has written and produced numerous soundbeds for television commercials as well the video production for the same. 
Clients include; Foothills Brewing, The Nascar Museum, Time to Eat Restaurant Franchises and numerous other businesses. 
Assisted with commercial production of several Congressional Campaigns including Vernon Robinson with national recognition for commercials he participated with and been highlighted on FOX News nationwide and has had his work exploited by Rush Limbaugh. 
Pat Reese is the Author of Looking For You Lady feature film screenplay. 
Initiator of Blue Line Mastering as seen in Billboard Magazine and member of Americana Music Association as well Gospel Music Association. 
He has played guitar with George Clintonas well other notable musicians from jazz to country to rock. 
He is a noted marketing and advertising guru within the music industry as well published photographer, songwriter, musician and performer. 
His latest endeavor is the screenplay, Gold to Platinum which is planned to be produced into a feature film. 
At the age of four, his mother was talking to him (Pat Reese) about his brothers and sister and the musical instruments they played. 
She asked him, aWhat instrument do you want to play? 
a, his response, aThe Radioa. 
Since then he has written and produced countless numbers of songs in the formats of Rock, Country, Jazz, R&B, Contemporary Christian, Hip-Hop, Dance, and most everything in between. 
He has recorded and played with some of the greatest musicians of our time that are affiliated with Elton John, Garth Brooks, Clint Black, George Strait, Glen Campbell and a wide array of others. 
Musicians such as Milton Sledge Garth Brooks, Mike Chapman Garth Brooks, Catherine Styron Garth Brooks, Arvil Bryd Glenn Cambell, Aubry Haynie CMA musician of the year, Pat Severs Pirates of the Mississippi and many others. 
He has well over 500 live performances on everything from Guitar, Vocals, Bass, Drums, Keyboards to major concerts performing original material. 
In the recording studio he has countless thousands of hours of combined producing, engineering, songwriting, performing, and arranging. 
In manufacturing he has been involved with radio airplay compilations and audio mastering that included such artist as Eternal Flame, Bonnie Raitt aYou Got Ita, Boz Scaggs aSierraa, Boys to Men a Thank Youa, El Debarge aWhere Are Youa, Sheryl Crow aStrong Enougha, Foreigner aUntil The End Of Timea, Huey Lewis & The News aLittle Bitty Pretty Onea, Eagles aLove Will Keep Us Togethera, Alison Krause & Union Station aWhen You Say Nothing at Alla and many others. 
Reese has been involved with over 200 compact disc and cassette releases. 
In Photography he has won many artistic awards for layout and design and has worked with numerous artist and record labels. 
He was Executive Producer, Director and Host of a TV show on the UPN network in Nashville called aPat Reeseas Muzik Video Magazinea. 
His show series aired in Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Georgia, and North Carolina. 
He was Music & Video Producer for 16 TV shows that have aired on NBC affiliates. 
He participated in the production of the Hollywood movie, aMr. 
Destinya starring Linda Hamilton, Jim Belushi and Michael Cain. 
He has been seen in BillBoard Magazine over a dozen times for audio engineering and producing. 
At the age of 15 he promoted the largest independent outdoor concert in North Carolinaas History ~ 27,500 in attendance. 
(Winston-Salem Journal May 22nd 1981) He has studied for four separate college degree programs and is the recipient of an Honorary Doctorate Degree from aWCMa Fresno, California. 
He now resides in his home state of North Carolina and is planning a national country music release entitled aLooking For You Ladya on his SolarBlade Label. 
The album contains all original compositions with 19 of country musicas greatest musicians contributing their talents. 
Pat Reese wrote all songs and performs on vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, bass & drums as well engineering, production and mastering on the release. 
He is a member of the GMA (Gospel Music Association) and also is a member of the AMA. 
He has a new country music oriented feature film in the works by the same title aLooking For You Ladya. 
This film is approved by the AMA (Americana Music Association) to have their logos affiliated on all print media. 
The only feature film to have this privilege. 
Pat Reese will be the first artist in music history that research shows, to solely write a feature film screenplay and also write, perform, produce and master engineer the entire soundtrack and star in the theatrical release. 
Industry Studio Notes EBlast: October 2004 In 2007 Pat Reese is in lengthy negotiations into purchasing one of the largest film/music production studios on the east coast from the North Carolina School of the Arts and making it available to new music artist, film producers and entertainment producers to help develop new talent for the commercial marketplace. 
This facility is planned to be shooting the feature film, Gold to Platinum as its first major motion picture release. 
In December 2007 Cottonmouth Productions in Raleigh NC has chosen Pat Reese to edit the feature film release, McPhearson Hall as well design the audio soundtrack and special effects due for theatrical release spring 2008. He is planning the launch of the SolarBlade Network to help artist, writers and other entertainment entities to affordibly market their talents to the commercial public. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Brooks_Bandits">
Brooks Bandits. 
The Brooks Bandits are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League. 
They play in Brooks, Alberta at the Lakeside Leisure Centre. 
The team's head coach and general manager is Brian Curran. 
History. 
The Brooks Bandits were awarded as an expansion franchise by the AJHL in 1999, and began play in the 2000-01 season. 
The first ever franchise goal was scored by Chris Boyle just under a minute into the first regular season game against the Fort MacMurray Oil Barons. 
The franchise secured it's expansion fee through what they call The Founding Fathers , a group of 17 local businesses and individuals who donated the money needed to finance the team in exchange for lifetime benefits with the team. 
The Bandits early history on the ice had been a major disappointment, as the team finished last in the South Division each of its first four seasons before finally breaking through in 2004-05 when they finished 2nd, and qualified for the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. 
In 2008-2009, the Bandits were first place in the South Division for the first time in franchise history, with 83 points and 39 wins in the regular season. 
The Bandits currently play in the Centennial Arena, which was built in the 1960s. 
The new Brooks Arena is being constructed, and they are expected to start the 2009-10 season in the new facility. 
Season-by-season record. 
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T/OTL = Ties/Overtime losses, SOL = Shootout losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against Notable Alumni. 
These alumni are either currently playing or drafted into the National Hockey League, playing in college leagues, or in the Western Hockey League. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Monte_Penoso">
Monte Penoso. 
Monte Penoso is Maio's tallest mountain located in the eastern part of the island in Cape Verde. 
The island's summit is located northeast of Vila do Maio and south of Pedro Vaz. 
The area surrounding the mountain are almost entirely flat, rocky, desert-like and has traces of vegetation, the elevation at the lower part no higher than 30 to 50 m. The mountain is entirely of volcanic origin. 
It is also inaccessible by roads but they can be seen around the mountain. 
The panorama offers a view to much of the island (due to the flat landscape) except for the southeastern part part and areas around the mountain as well as a few settlements around the island. 
The Atlantic Ocean is a few kilometres to the east. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:List_of_uninhabited_regions">
List of uninhabited regions. 
This is a list of uninhabited areas in the world. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Mai_Lin">
Mai Lin. 
Mai Lin is a former Asian American pornographic actress who performed in various adult films from the 1970s to around the mid 1990s. 
In 2005, Mai Lin was inducted into the Adult Video News Hall of Fame for being one of the nastiest starlets of her time. 
Group scenes, anal, double penetrations - there seemed to be no limit to what this filthy little thing would do - helping set the stage for the raunchy young starlets of today. 
However, in an interview she gave to Couples Magazine in 1985, she did admit there was one thing she would n't do--copulate on sand. 
She was also inducted into the Legends of Erotica Hall of Fame in 2005 and into the X-Rated Critics Organization Hall of Fame in 2007. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Administrative_divisions_of_New_Caledonia">
New Caledonia is divided into three provinces: Each of these provinces has its own flag and emblem and has considerable powers, including all powers that are not explicitly the prerogative of either the Territorial Congress in Noumea or the French Republic in Paris. 
The provinces are further subdivided into communes (municipalities) which in fact in most cases predate the establishment of the provinces, whose borders and powers were outlined in 1988 (see Matignon Accords). 
One commune, Poya, was then divided between the two mainland provinces. 
This state of affairs continues to this day. 
The provincial seat of the North Province is at Kone (although physically located closer to the town of Pouembout). 
The South Province has its provincial seat at Noumea, although La Foa also serves as the seat of some administrations (see Administrative subdivisions section below). 
The Loyalty Islands Province has its seat at We in the commune of Lifou. 
Communes. 
Communal seats are shown in parentheses if different from the commune name. 
Administrative subdivisions. 
There also exist three administrative subdivisions, simply known as subdivisions in French, with exactly the same names and same boundaries as the three provinces, except that the commune of Poya is entirely contained inside the North Subdivision. 
Contrary to the provinces, which are full political divisions with provincial assemblies and executives, the administrative subdivisions are merely deconcentrated divisions of the French central state, akin to the arrondissements of metropolitan France, with a Deputy Commissioner of the Republic (commissaire delegue de la Republique ), akin to a subprefect of metropolitan France, in residence in each subdivision's chief town. 
The subdivision chief towns are the same as the provincial capitals except in the South Subdivision where the chief town is La Foa, whereas the capital of the South Province is Noumea. 
Thus, although the provincial assembly of the South Province sits in Noumea, the South Subdivision's Deputy Commissioner of the Republic is in residence in La Foa. 
This was decided in order to counterbalance the overwhelming weight of Noumea in New Caledonia. 
Tribal jurisdictions (aires coutumieres ). 
In addition, a parallel layer of administration exists for Kanak tribal affairs; these are called aires coutumieres (traditional spheres ) and are eight in number (). 
Their jurisdiction does not encompass non-Kanaks living within these zones. 
The aires coutumieres more or less correspond to the indigenous language areas and/or areas of pre-French tribal alliances. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Juan_Boza">
Juan Boza. 
Juan Boza is a Cuban artist living in exile in New York. 
History. 
Boza was born in Camaquey, Cuba in 1941 and moved to Havana in 1959 in order to study at Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes aSan Alejandroa. 
He was expelled from San Alejandro due to political issues and became a lithographer with the Experimental Graphic Workshop in 1965. Boza was fired as a result of the Congress of Education and Culture which convened in 1971 and led to the censorship of many artists in Cuba. 
In the years between 1971 and his exodus from Cuba in 1980 Boza restored religious statues to earn a living. 
In 1980 Juan Boza managed to escape Cuba to New York via the Mariel boatlift. 
Boza described New York as a tremendous shock and upon arriving in New York had to re-build Juan Boza from scratch. 
Boza began developing an Afro-Cuban theme that he realized was part of his culture after leaving Cuba, as well as his participation in the Santeria (also known as Lukumi) religion. 
According to Jaun Boza, There is no distinction between my faith and my aesthetics. 
Sources. 
Ed. 
Fuentes-Perez, Ileana et al. 
Outside Cuba: Contemporary Cuban Visual Artists. 
1989. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Playing_God_%28ethics%29">
Playing God refers to someone supposedly taking on the role of God for human purposes. 
Alleged acts of playing God may include, for example, deciding who is to live or die, in a situation where not everyone can be saved. 
Usually the expression is used to invoke a precautionary principle or to suggest that someone should refrain from a controversial action. 
Playing God in Media. 
In the anime and manga series Death Note , the main character Light Yagami plays God when he receives a supernatural notebook possessing the ability to kill people, thus believing that he could become a God and punish criminals for their sins. 
In Doctor Who, particularly since the revival in 2005, the lead character, The Doctor is often compared to God, and plays God on many occasions, deciding who should live or die in almost every episode. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Cat_righting_reflex">
Cat righting reflex. 
The cat righting reflex is a cat's innate ability to orient itself as it falls in order to land on its feet, often uninjured. 
The righting reflex begins to appear at 3-4 weeks of age, and is perfected at 7 weeks. 
They are able to do this as they have an unusually flexible backbone and no functional collarbone or clavicle. 
Technique. 
After determining up from down visually or with their vestibular apparatus (in the inner ear), cats manage to twist themselves to face downward without ever changing their net angular momentum. 
They are able to accomplish this with these key steps: Depending on the cat's flexibility and initial angular momentum, if any, the cat may need to repeat steps two and three one or more times in order to complete a full 180 rotation. 
Terminal velocity. 
In addition to the righting reflex cats have a number of other features that will reduce damage from a fall. 
Their small size, light bone structure, and thick fur decrease their terminal velocity. 
Furthermore, once righted they may also spread out their body to increase drag and slow the fall to some extent. 
A falling cat's terminal velocity is 100 km/h (60mph) whereas that of a falling man in a free-fall position is 210 km/h (130mph). 
At terminal velocity they also relax as they fall which protects them to some extent on impact. 
Padded paws will also soften impact. 
Injury. 
Using their righting reflex, cats can often land uninjured. 
This is, however, far from always the case, and cats can still break bones or die from falls. 
In a 1987 study, published in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association, of 132 cats that were brought into the New York Animal Medical Center after having fallen from buildings, it was found that the injuries per cat increased depending on the height fallen up to seven stories but decreased above seven stories. 
The study authors speculated that after falling five stories the cats reached terminal velocity and thereafter relaxed and spread their bodies to increase drag. 
However, an alternative interpretation which came out of internet chat. 
of the study would be that upon an excess of seven stories the cats experience a higher fatality rate which prevents the owner for bringing them in for life saving treatment. 
</text>


<text id="wikipedia:Mount_Parnassus">
Mount Parnassus is a mountain of barren limestone in central Greece that towers above Delphi, north of the Gulf of Corinth, and offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside. 
According to Greek mythology, this mountain was sacred to Apollo and the Corycian nymphs, and the home of the Muses. 
The mountain was also favored by the Dorians. 
The name Parnassos seems etymologically related to the Anatolian languages that made use of *-ssos in placenames (eg. 
Knossos). 
*Parna- derived from the same root as the word in Luwian meaning House . 
Mythology. 
Mount Parnassus is named after Parnassos, the son of the nymph Kleodora and the man Kleopompus. 
There was a city of which Parnassos was leader, which was flooded by torrential rain. 
The citizens ran from the flood, following wolves' howling, up the mountain slope. 
There the survivors built another city, and called it Lykoreia, which in Greek means the howling of the wolves. 
While Orpheus was living with his mother and his eight beautiful aunts on Parnassus, he met Apollo who was courting the laughing muse Thalia. 
Apollo became fond of Orpheus and gave him a little golden lyre, and taught him to play it. 
Orpheus's mother taught him to make verses for singing. 
As the Oracle of Delphi was sacred to the god Apollo, so did the mountain itself become associated with Apollo. 
According to some traditions, Parnassus was the site of the fountain Castalia and the home of the Muses; according to other traditions, that honor fell to Mount Helicon, another mountain in the same range. 
As the home of the Muses, Parnassus became known as the home of poetry, music, and learning. 
Parnassus was also the site of several unrelated minor events in Greek mythology. 
Parnassus was also the home of Pegasus the winged horse of Bellerophon. 
Parnassus as metaphor. 
The name Parnassus in literature typically refers to its distinction as the home of poetry, literature, and learning. 
Thus, it receives mention in such works as: Furthermore, in classical music, there are many works associated with Parnassus. 
For example, Orazio Vecchi's L'Amfiparnaso (1597), Carolus Hacquart's Harmonia Parnassia Sonatarum (1686), Francois Couperin's Le Parnasse ou L'Apotheose de Corelli (1725), Johann Caspar Ferdinand Fischer's Musikalischer Parnassus (c.1738), George Frideric Handel's Il Parnasso in festa (1734), Christoph Willibald Gluck's Il Parnaso confuso (1765). 
Important didactic and pedagogical works referred to Parnassus, including Johann Fux's Gradus ad Parnassum (1725) which is a classic treatment of counterpoint and fugue; and Muzio Clementi's piano studies Gradus ad Parnassum (1817-26), later satirized in Claude Debussy's Docteur Gradus ad Parnassum (suit Childres's corner No.1, 1908). 
In the computer game World of Warcraft, the Night Elf capital is called Darnassus, seen by many as a nod to Parnassus. 
Night Elves are known for their deep appreciation for learning and the arts. 
Parnassus is the name of the main campus of the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) and UCSF Medical Center, located on Parnassus Avenue in San Francisco, California. 
Parnassus was the name affectionately given to Corsencon Hill near New Cumnock, Ayrshire, Scotland by the countries national bard - Robert Burns. 
It now has the longest conveyer belt in Europe - The Python - snaking past it, stretching 12.2km from an opencast mine to a railway junction. 
Parnassus today. 
Today, the slopes of Mount Parnassus are the location of two ski centres. 
The Parnassos Ski Centre is composed of two sections, Kellaria and Fterolakka, which together make up the largest ski center in Greece. 
A smaller ski centre (only two drag lifts) called Gerontovrahos is across a ridge from Kellaria. 
Parnassus is mined for its abundant supply of bauxite which is converted to aluminium oxide and then to aluminium. 
The construction of the ski resort started in 1975 and was completed in 1976, when the first two drag lifts operated in Fterolaka. 
In 1981 the construction of a new ski area was completed in Kelaria, while in winter season 1987a1988 the chair lift Hermes started operating and connected the two ski areas. 
Both ski resorts continued expanding and in 1993 the first high-speed quad in Greece was installed, named Hercules. 
Today the ski center operates with 14 lifts, a 4-seater cable car, a 4-seater high-speed chair lift, four 3-seaters, one 2-seater chair lift and 6 drag lifts, with a maximum capacity of about 5000 people per hour. 
The ski center boasts 25 marked ski runs and about 12 ski routes of 30km total length while the longest run is 4km. 
</text>